Saturday, January 23rd, 2010

One computer being shared between nine kids, left little time for each person. This seriously hampered my research and skill gaining abilities. That was why I used it in the morning before everyone else was up. At least I have trained the Beckett’s to expect me to be up at 5am before their stupid motion alarm turns off at 6. Then again, they have not bothered me about that at all this week; maybe they finally changed the time setting?

I should get up earlier though. I’ve been meditation for 2 hours each most nights from 10 to 12am. I don’t need to. I can do that in class and on the bus. Longer computer time is more valuable, but to maximize it means going to bed earlier. Probably by 9pm and getting up at 2am. That will leave me at least a solid four uninterrupted hours on the computer each night. The problem are the motion alarms. I need to disable them.

    An Inside Job.
    Disable the Beckett’s alarm system to give you more freedom inside and outside the house.

    Time Limit: 3 weeks
    Success: +200 XP, skill gain, greater freedom of movement in the house.
    Failure: Siiiimon! You got some ‘splanin to do!


Uhhh… yeah okay. Haven’t had new quests in a while, at least no immediately doable ones. I told myself I’d try to generate simple new quests of some kind every day and I’ve been neglecting it. I tried asking for skill or stat gains quests before, and always had failed, yet then I got the ‘Get in Shape!’ quest anyway? Not that it’s going to be easy to one to complete any time soon. Or was that really just a troll quest to make me do things the hard way and no spend stat points there?

So what about…

    The Fifteen-Ten.
    Get 15 skills up to level 10. Completed so far: 6 of 15

    Time Limit: 3 weeks
    Success: +300 XP, some actual accomplishment?
    Failure: ヽ(ಠ_ಠ)ノ Hurry up already!


God damn it. Now I get to have one? I accepted the quest. What the hell happens in 3 weeks?

I looked over my skills checking for candidates, I needed nine. Best ones would be those higher level ones that did not have the ability to gain specialties. Those were Create Mana Golem, Disease Resistance, Drug and Poison Resistance, Lockpicking, Null Resistance, Parahuman Lore, Programming, and Stealth. That wasn’t quite enough.

I had no idea how I even got Null Resistance let alone how to train it. Disease Resistance, yeah no, I’m not going to make myself sick on purpose to boost that one. Parahuman Lore was already getting difficult to train. Drug Resist, there are still some routes to pursue there, but not sure if that will be worth the risks. The other skills all support specialties that I pretty well do in fact want to keep acquiring. Except maybe Basic Academics, what the fuck is with that skill anyway? Whatever. Other candidates could be Basic Academics, Computers, but would prefer the specialties, Athletics, Crafting, Artistry, Speech; they all have the same issue. It didn’t say I couldn’t blow skill points to finish off some of them but I’d rather not do so yet, plus I don’t have enough of them. I could get new skills of course; the ones I know I can get are Cooking, Cleaning, and Card and Board Games. I just didn’t really want to take those. It was also unlikely those would be non-specialty skills. Shit, the more I look, the more this seems like a trap quest, which I already accepted because I didn’t pay close enough attention. Fuck you troll.

Oh well, guess I should add researching the Beckett’s alarm system to my list of stuff to do.

****​

Turns out it did not take any effort to convince the Beckett’s to take us all to the memorial vigil. They were planning to do so anyway. Also I’m a dickhead. They are people too, they knew and lost friends as well, and that was why they were going. The Beckett’s and the other kids are not mere NPCs to serve as obstacles or goalposts toward my progress. I should feel bad for needing to see the Empathy gains to remember I need to be aware of that more often sometimes.

So, step number one of disabling the alarm system was me heading out the door first, and using free camera scry to position my view back inside the house staring at the wall mounted entry pad for the alarm, and waiting for Mrs. Beckett to type it in, while FRAPS was turned on. I now had the arming code.

It was a bit of a drive to the beach from the inland side of the Houston suburbs. Since it would be outside, I wanted to spam Observe on all the plants I could find, so I had left Spider-Bong asleep before we left the house.

With some minor convincing we stopped at a nearby flower shop along with many others doing the same thing, to pick from what was left to take to the memorial service. Between the shop, the hundreds of additional flowers brought by the visitors, and the general flora of the area, I made very good headway in finishing off Observe plants.

I wandered among hundreds of other mourners, along the recently finished memorial. It overlooked the beach, beyond that was the water’s edge, and beyond that was ruined Galveston skyline. The mourners were all crying, praying, saying goodbyes, leaning on each other, and outpouring their emotions.

Two parts of my mind seemed to collide with each other. Gamer’s Mind was keeping my centered, focused and observant. My Empathy skill, which was rising, was going the other way, as I listened intently to all the cries, prayers and emotional releases of everyone around me. I went up and down between focus and riding on emotions. There were priests, ministers, and grief counselor’s offering counsel, shoulders to cry on, and leading prayers.

Some random woman just came up and hugged me, tears in her eyes. I let her, it was a release and cathartic, but also made me feel guilty as hell. Why was I here? To Observe stupid plants? To get out of the house? That’s pretty god-damn selfish, considering the purpose of this place, you lost family and friends, you should feel something more about that, just like everyone else here. Yet, you get to gain Empathy skill and stress points while doing it? I wasn’t even thinking about that, or expecting it before arriving. It also made me feel guilty. Am I basking and taking in the raw emotions of all the people just so I could get stupid gains on a character sheet? That’s not real empathy; it is just a damn number. What the hell is wrong with me? Why the hell do I have this skill anyway? Without it I’d…

I was crying, shuddering in this strange woman’s embrace, I don’t know how much time had passed, until finally she slipped away. I watched her go for a bit, until she found some other stranger to hug. I looked back out to the sea. Somewhere out there was a home filled with a childhood I couldn’t remember. I looked down at the small bouquet of flowers I had been clutching tightly. Stems and leaves had been crushed in my grip, and a green tinted sap ran down my hand. They were simple wild flowers grown out of season for sale, Bluebonnets, Texas paintbrushes, and Cherokee Roses. I placed them at the base of the short memorial wall among dozens of others.

Hey mom, dad. Hope I was a good kid. I can’t remember your names or faces, but I hope you’re in a better place. Did I have siblings? I guess I won’t ever know, but if I did and they are with you tell them I love them anyway, all of you.

Life goes on, I guess. I think I am a better student than I was before. I’m staying with some foster family and other foster kids. I don’t know if I like all of them, but I don’t hate them either. It’s been, really difficult adjusting. I understand all their restrictions, even if I don’t like them. I have to admit to myself that they are actually trying to do the right thing.

I met a girl there. Her name is Julia. I like her a lot. She had to leave though, and except for maybe one other almost friend. Her departure left me with almost no reasons to stay, so forgive me when I have to leave and try to find her again.

I have powers now too, really weird video-gamer themed cheaty powers. I don’t even know how to explain them. Maybe I can actually do something positive in the world with them. I have a feeling you might not be surprised, not at the gaining powers thing, but the video game thing. I must of have done that a lot, but I would trade it all away for memories of my friends and family.

But I can’t can I? I can’t because Simon Anderson is dead. The person I was, he died in that sinkhole. He’s up there with you. I’m all that is left, a Tabula Rasa driving his body and borrowing his name...​

Your Empathy skill has increased by 1

Why did I have that skill? It was a starting skill, one I could not choose to have or not have. Without it, maybe Gamer’s Mind would keep me calm and unfeeling all the time. I’d be too much like a game character, always ignoring social consequence, treating people like NPCs, and life like a game. All things would be evaluated in terms of how it helped me progress. What if Empathy was the skill that keeps me human?

“Hey,” someone came up next to me and gave me a slight bump on my shoulder.

I turned and saw Rachel starting next to me. Her face was as tear-stained as my own. “Hey” I said back. “Just saying goodbye.”

“Yeah, me too.”

“Want to get out of the crowd?” I asked her.

“Sure”

We walked down to the beach. I felt anxiety start to well up as I got closer to the ocean. I took the occasional moment to pause and calm myself. Then I stopped in the dry sand and sat down.

“I have a fear of water that I am trying to overcome. I was really close to Leviathan when he attacked where I was at. I nearly drowned more than once in a sinkhole he caused. I was at the mall with some friends playing in a video game tournament…”

I told Rachel, not quite everything, but close enough. The one thing missing being the whole ‘I have powers’ bit. She had heard bits and pieces of the story from the group therapy sessions, but I went well beyond that. I even talked about encountering Rappel and Granite, and going to Julia’s flooded house.

+10 relationship with Rachel Zamora

We sat there for a while on the beach in silence watching the waves.

“I was out of a date when Leviathan attacked. We had only gone out a few times before; the rest was just phone calls and passing notes in class. It had always been hard to find time to go out together because of our parents. We were alone at Sam’s apartment when the sirens went off. It was so sudden. We started throwing together some backpacks together to head to the shelters. We both tried to contact our families.”

“We didn’t even make it out the door. The building collapsed around us, I woke up some time later. I was lucky somehow, I could move around. I had lots of cuts and scratches, and inhaled a lot of dust, but no broken bones or major injuries. Sam wasn’t so lucky, and was pinned under debris. We only had light from our phones, but no signal. We were trapped in the rubble, with just a few granola bars and water bottles we had managed to grab in that brief time of trying to prepare. Our phones let us know how much time had passed, but we had to conserve their batteries. The water bottles ran out after the first day. Then it was just fetid water keeping us from dying of thirst. I knew Sam wasn’t going to make it, so did she. She kept telling me to go and try to find a way out, but I couldn’t leave her, and there wasn’t a way out. She died sometime on the fourth day, they pulled me out on the seventh, the day after Christmas.”

“Later, at the camps, I learned that the neighborhood my house was in was completely underwater, and I still can’t handle dark enclosed spaces without my mind going back there.”

Rachel had stopped telling her story. I thought more about what was said. That Sam was a girl, that they were at their house alone, and had been dating, which had been difficult due to their parents.

“So now you know why...” Rachel continued.

“Yeah,” I said. “Sam was short for Samantha?” I asked. Rachel nodded. “I guess y’alls family didn’t know?”

“My brother knew. He was my twin. He kept it secret though. You remind me of him sometimes. Cause you’re both big awkward geeks. I’d appreciate it if you didn’t say anything.”

“I promise I won’t. But hey, if you ever need a wingman…”

Your Empathy skill has increased by 1
+6 relationship with Rachel Zamora
Rachel Zamora has gone from acquaintance to friend
Charisma ‘Skill’ challenge, 2 of 10 friends achieved

I dismissed the notifications. Hmm, no other specialties for Empathy? “Thanks.” I told Rachel.

“For what?” she asked.

“For listening, for trusting me, for being my friend.”

“I thought I said I was only warming up to it.”

“You saying I am wrong?” Rachel didn’t say anything. “Good, I’ll take that as a no, because I need some help, from a friend.”

“What kind of help?”

“I told you I have a fear of water I am trying to overcome. Part of that involves facing it head on or at least as close and I can get.” I said as I stood up and took my socks and shoes off, hiked up my pant legs, and stared at the ocean. “If I flip out or go catatonic or something weird like that, I need someone to pull me back.”

“It’s fucking January; you’re not going to try to go swimming are you?”

“Not swimming, no.” I said as I walked toward the water. My heart started to race, as I saw the waves swell and come into the shore. My feet were in the wet sand now, but I kept going forward, suppressing my the panic that was wanting to form. Water washed over my feet, then my ankles, and my lower legs. A little further, the water was near my knees. The spray of the waves hitting my face as I stared out into the swells.

A notification fired off and I felt a sudden calmness, the panic died down but didn’t entirely go away.

Your Gamer’s Mind skill has increased by 1

The skill stopped it gain again only a few percentages point into level 20. It wasn’t enough, I needed to do more. I fell down on my knees, and felt the chill of the water as my pants got wet, and the waves lapped at my waist.

“You okay Simon?” she was standing only a few feet away, having also taken her shoes and socks off.

“Yeah, but I need more time.” I responded.

I switch to free camera mode, and sent my view sailing over the oceans some 100 to 200 feet out. Waves bisected my vision as they passed through my camera, a panic started forming and I struggled to keep it down. I’m safe, my body is on the beach still. I pitched the camera down and dove it into the water, my interface windows flipped and set to white to further illuminate the underwater scene.

There were no reefs, just banks upon banks of sandbars, and the occasional fish or jellyfish. My mind was reeling as I stared out into the underwater depths. Some greenish shape appeared underwater at the far edge of my vision. It began to get larger as it moved closer, faster and faster still. Finally it came into focus, four green lights three on one side, one on the other. Then I realized what it was.

Oh fuck! Fuck, fuck fuck! I was soaked, I was underwater and drowning again as a massive wave tore forward over the ocean floor. The sandbars rippled, and the water pushed me back the view of my camera retreated without me doing anything to control it. Leviathan’s face was sticking out of the wave underwater surged ever forward, then everything went black.

****​

“Siiimmmooon” I heard Rachel yelling as if it was in slow-motion or I was still underwater, or very distant. “You fucking better not be faking to get me to do CPR on you!” I felt a hand lightly slap me in the cheek. Rachel was hovering over me, her face only a few inches away from my face. I turned my head to the side and started coughing up some sea water. My camera view was back to normal. When did that happen?

“No, wasn’t faking, but thanks anyway. Nice to know that’s one way I could’ve gotten to lock lips with ya though.”

“You idiot.” Rachel said as she punched me in my broken arm.

“Ow! Damn, broken arm, punch the other one next time.”

“So there is going be a next time I need to punch you in the arm?”

“Knowing me? Probably.” Rachel smiled again. A quick glance toward my feet show she had dragged me several feet away from the water’s edge. I was still lying in the sand, and she was still kneeling beside me leaning awful close over me.

Well the beach wasn’t underwater, so Leviathan must have been a hallucination. “What happened?” I asked.

“Big wave rolled in unexpectedly, knocked you over and soaked us. More you than me.” I noticed Rachel was soaked from mid torso down. I was completely drenched.

“What’s this beach make-out session day?” I recognized the voice of Thomas yelling from further into the shore.

“What have you two been doing?” Mrs. Beckett’s shrill voice called out. “We’ve been looking all over for you two. Why did you wander off?”

Rachel stood up and I sat up.

“Clearly they wanted some alone time.” Thomas remarked.

“Shut up Thomas!” Rachel said as I got to my own feet.

“Why in the hell are you two soaked?” Mrs. Beckett asked.

“I got a bit lost and panicked in my emotions, trying to face….” I didn’t say anything, and just gestured at Galveston’s broken skyline. “A big wave rolled in and knocked me over, Rachel helped me.”

“So lover-boy had a freak-out and you came to his rescue? How touching.” Thomas smirked.

“You want me to sock you in the jaw again asshole?” Rachel asked as we walked back toward our shoes.

“Thomas go back to the car and get some dry blankets from the back.” Mrs. Beckett commanded.

“Hey, so you like the skinny dudes, whatever. Clear who wears the pants in tha—“ Rachel’s shoe suddenly collided with the side of his Thomas’s head. “Ow! Fuck you bitch.”

“Thomas ! Go! Now!” Mrs. Beckett yelled. “And you two, we’re leaving. Get back to the car.”

****​

I went through the notifications I had missed while I was out or unconscious or whatever the hell happened as we drove home. Plus, my dunk in the ocean was probably not good for the cold I still had.

Your Gamer’s Mind skill has increased by 1
+5 relationship with Rachel Zamora

Rachel was at a 106 now. Double level gains in Gamer’s Mind, and I only had to have an anxiety attack, a hallucination, and nearly drown. Fuck that. It’s not worth it anymore. Maybe there will be something if I ever aim for a swimming specialty in athletics, but at this point I’d rather just gain levels to finish it off.

Stress points had made positive gains from all the hugging and touchy feely sharing stuff, and then a good chunk of what I had gained got taken away again from the ocean stunt. At least it was overall a net positive. Hopefully one more pysch session, some supplemental de-stressing activities, and meditation can fix up the rest. It took mediation just to calm down during the ride home, except I kept dropping out of it with each sneeze and cough.

I was exhausted when I got home, and felt miserable from being sick. I hope this disease resistance stuff gets me immunity to the common cold eventually. All I could stand to do was try through my textbooks quests and research our alarm system in when I got a turn on the computer. Once I built up more mana I could turn Spider-Bong back on again tonight.

Sunday, January 24th, 2010

5am again. I’d shift my sleep schedule tonight if this works. I stealthed my way out of bed and grabbed the scissors and wax paper sheet I had snagged from the kitchen last night. Screwdriver and tools in hand, I snuck up to the motion sensor at the end of the hall, and illuminated it with my interface. The Beckett’s were not security experts. I probably wasn’t either, but I knew enough for this. This wasn’t bank or a secure storage facility holding expensive electronics or anything like that. Their system was a cheap off the shelf version made by people who didn’t care and just preyed on people’s fears to collect those monthly subscription payments, and installed by someone probably making minimum wage.

I popped the cover and cut out a couple squares of wax paper and slid them behind the plastic window and in front of the actual sensor, then replaced it. I snuck down to the other end of the hall and repeated the process on the other sensor. That was that, and surprisingly easy to do.

    Quest: An Inside Job has been completed.
    Disable the Beckett’s alarm system to give you more freedom inside and outside the house.

    Success: +200 XP, greater freedom of movement in the house.


A slew of notifications fired off.

Your Lockpicking skill has increased by 1
You have gained a level! You are now level 9.
Your Gamer’s Mind skill has increased by 1
Your Gamer’s Body skill has increased by 1
Your Gamer’s Interface skill has increased by 1

What the fuck, I gained Lockpicking for disabling a security system? Okay sure, now what? Iconsider that, with both these and knowing the security code, I could easily slip outside. In time I would, being Sunday morning no one would be up as early as usual on a weekday, but I did still want to keep those stealth gains going, and Lockpicking. Stealth was only going to risk if I was trying to be stealthy while doing something that I might get caught at.

I went downstairs, adjust my volume controls and put my free camera into the Beckett’s bedroom to make sure they were snoring away. Satisfied, I proceeded to pick the lock on the office door while using steath. I wasn’t planning to snag my phone. I could probably try, but I still wanted to see if they would give it to me on Tuesday. This was just practice. I picked, relocked and picked the door lock again. Then I had massive sneeze which broke my stealth, and I heard the Beckett’s stirring. I relocked the door hid my tools and dashed over to the kitchen and sneezed again.

“What are you doing up?” Mr. Beckett said mid-yawn as he sleepily strode around the corner

“I need more cold medicine.” I said as I faked a cough, which bothered my chest, and thus unintentionally turned into a real cough, that had me hacking up over the sink.

“You made yourself worse getting soaked last night.” Mr. Beckett said as he pulled down a bottle a cheap store brand cough syrup and put it on the counter next to me. “Try to keep it down okay.” Then he walked back into their room.

Yeah I was done messing with that tonight. I made myself some cereal and went back upstairs to get on the computer.

Your Computers skill has increased by 1

Finally, I stopped all my research even mid article. So I knew more about smartphones, no specialty there but I also knew I wasn’t going to get one. I needed to think about what other specialty I could pursue before going to the next thing. It was well into the morning now, everyone was up and eating. It was time to let someone else on the computer anyway.

Sunday was proving to be a lazy day of restricted progress. It was storming outside, and my illness also prevented plenty, aside from steady, but minor, gains in Disease Resist. Spider-Bong was kept awake all day so far so there was that, still guarding and following himself. I was working on the biology textbook quest. Including the past, by this point I’ve spent hours and hours at it. I was more than half-way through now, even got past the point where we are at in class currently.

“Alright, we’re going to go to the store to get your art stuff.” Mrs. Beckett said, surprising me from my study. “Also you have a doctor’s appointment tomorrow after school to check up on your arm. You can ask about your cold while you’re there too.”

“Uh, okay.” I began putting my stuff away. “Which store?”

“I though you would know which one, did the teacher say? I hope it’s close.”

“Let me get on the computer to find one.”

I found one easily enough, and I decided to take my backpack, with Spider-Bong in it, with me. I wanted to keep the gains up there.

****​

“But it’s the cheapest price per pound.” I said to Mrs. Becketts in yet another round of haggling.

“You don’t need fifty pounds of clay, just how big is your art project supposed to be?” She asked me, again.

I’d been actively using my speech skill, hoping it would count as some kind of haggling or barter type of specialty. Though how is haggling not just another example of persuasion? Between her and the shopkeeper it was at least going up. A problem was that haggling isn’t really done much in stores, I’d probably have better luck at a garage sale or flea market, but that required money, time, and freedom I didn’t have. Trying to convince Mrs. Beckett to spend money on my behalf and the shopkeeper to give us a deal in what little leeway was possible was the best I could do. It was taking a while but, at least my skill was going up the longer we argued.

“It’s not just for this one but several. It will keep me busy for a while.” I answered her.

“Where are you even going to get that stuff fired?”

“The art class has a kiln. So does this place, we could come here again if needed, but at school should be fine.”

“If we go back you could get more clay then, this much just seems excessive and messy.”

“When we go back, because we will, if we don’t get a lot. That’s another trip that has to be planned and scheduled. Anything I do at home I can just do outside.”

“Maybe just the 25 lb. bag, I mean what’s next a potter’s wheel? We’re not getting one of those.”

Good 25 lbs. was higher than what she said earlier. “I don’t need a potter’s wheel, but I do need some simple shaping tools. It’s for school, you can write it on your expense report for taxes or whatever for all the stuff you have to buy for us.”

Five minutes later we walked out with a 40 lb. bag of clay and a pack of cheap plastic shaping tools. I thought about new Golem plans as we drove home. I wouldn’t be using the whole batch in one go, I wanted to just practice my craft and artistry skills first. According to me skill info I could make a Golem that weighed up to 50 lbs., but I was actually limited to the size of the kiln at school. I could not make something that was too big to fit in it. Yeah I could ignore that and make another unfired one like Spider-Bong, but I want to see what differences a fired one might have in comparison.

We got home and I spent the rest of the afternoon just making and remaking clay animal in the backyard.

Your Craft (Stone & Pottery) skill has increased by 1

Hmm. I didn’t get a specialty, why not? Do I stop or keep going? Artistry had been going up and I know this was the only thing I had done. Last time I gained in craft was from making Spider-Bong and a bit in art class from reading the pottery books. Did reading the books screw it up? This was so damn arbitrary. Should I even care about specialty anymore? I could get Artistry and Craft up to 10 to qualify for that quest probably pretty easily at the cost of whatever specialties I might get for them. Screw it, I’ll just keep going for now. I do need to leave some gain room for actually doing stuff in art class though.

I had not yet gained another skill level in either by dinner time, and by then it was getting pretty cold out. Back to reading biology the rest of the evening, then early to bed to shift my sleep schedule.

Your Empathy skill has increased by 1
Your Empathy skill has increased by 1
Your Gamer’s Mind skill has increased by 1
Your Gamer’s Mind skill has increased by 1
Your Lockpicking skill has increased by 1
You have gained a level! You are now level 9.
Your Gamer’s Mind skill has increased by 1
Your Gamer’s Body skill has increased by 1
Your Gamer’s Interface skill has increased by 1
Your Computers skill has increased by 1
Your Craft (Stone & Pottery) skill has increased by 1


Name: Simon Clarence Anderson
Gender: Male
Age: 15
Race: Parahuman
Class: Foster Kid / Deceptive Snit
Faction: None
Money: $49.71
Title: Vermin Stomper
Level: 9 (10.86%)
XP: 6575

Primary Attributes
STR: 7 (-0.50) 6.50 (60.97%)
AGI: 6 (-1.00) 5.00 (2.03%)
CON: 11 (-0.25) 10.75 (4.80%)
INT: 21 (-0.38) 20.62 (21.03%)
PER: 11 (0.00) 11.00 (43.70%)
WIS: 20 (-0.38) 19.62 (82.42%)
CHA: 12 (-0.06) 11.94 (65.68%)
LUC: 10 (0.00) 10.00 (24.14%)
Unspent Points: 23

Secondary Attributes
Health Pool: 231/231
Stamina Pool: 209/209
Mana Pool: 446/2362
Stress Pool: 384/410

Attack: 6.75
Speed: 2.67
Dodge: 9.45
Armor: 0.20
Carry: 65.00
Allure: 2.50

Skills
Max Slots: 40
Free Skill Slots: 11
Artistry: 6 (84.37%)
Athletics: 5 (0.00%)
Basic Academics: 9 (15.15%)
Computers: 7 (0.00%)
Crafting (Stone & Pottery): 6 (52.11%)
Create Mana Golem: 5 (37.04%)
Disease Resistance: 5 (68.09%)
Drug & Poison Resistance: 7 (35.87%)
Empathy: 7 (3.65%)
Firearms: 1 (0.00%)
Gamer’s Body: 13 (34.91%)
Gamer’s Interface: 23 (6.43%)
Gamer’s Mind: 22 (1.09%)
Language-English: MAX (0.00%)
Language-Spanish: 4 (14.86%)
Lockpicking: 8 (12.65%)
Mathematics: 2 (58.67%)
Meditation: 10 (48.68%)
Null Resistance: 3 (13.69%)
Observe: 11 (98.09%)
Parahuman Lore: 6 (47.86%)
Programming: 2 (67.45%)
Psychology: 4 (53.49%)
Science (Earth): 1 (0.00%)
Speech: 5 (18.54%)
Stealth: 5 (78.98%)
Strategy: 1 (0.00%)
Vehicle Operations: 3 (0.00%)
Video Games: 26 (5.87%)
Unspent Skill Points: 9

Perks
Free Perk Slots: 0
Gaia's Blessing: Mana Pool and Mana Skill access
Gaia's Attunement: Elemental Affinity access
Light Sleeper: Need only 5 hours to get fully rested
Mana Reserve: Bonus MP per level increased by 25%

Flaws
Selective Amnesia: We had to make room for stuff in your head
A Bit of a Troll: Sometimes you just can't help yourself
Unnatural Curiosity: Can't always resist the urge to find stuff out

Cheaty Powers
Invisible Light Source: White on White Interface Theme
Language Comprehension: Multi-lingual subtitles
Limited Remote Viewing: Free & Third Person Camera Modes
Limited Microscopic View: Free Camera Zoom In
Distracting Sound: Profanity filter
See in Darkness: Contrast, Brightness & Gamma Correction
Super Hearing: Selective volume controls
Audio Filtering: Selective channel muting
Sound Protection: Built in decibel control
Personal Jukebox: Broadcast Music library
FRAPS: Record and playback from Camera POV
