Wednesday, January 13th, 2010

‘Grab-bag’ capes, often displaying three or more related minor powers, come from multi-triggers. Individuals involved in the mutual trigger event have an array of minor powers that share a concurrent theme. Said powers often complement each other or work in similar ways.

So that’s what multi-triggers are? It’s scant information. I definitely have a slew of minor powers. Does Julia have similar powers? I don’t have an electric power, if those shocks of hers are an example. It’s more than I knew before, Parahuman Lore went up a bit.

I check my Parahuman database feature again. The formerly blank entry is now for Julia. ‘Cape Status: Not-debuted.’ Where did that photo come from? It looks like her from yesterday. Did my power grab it from FRAPS? ‘Powers: unknown, suspected: electric shocks, level drain’… Stop, I can do this whenever. Use the computer for stuff I don’t want seen before folks wake up.

If I’m going to follow Julia, I need to know an address or a phone number or something.

‘Hey, it’s Simon. So New Hampshire huh? Whereabouts? Obviously don’t have a number yet, phone still isn’t fixed, and the Beckett’s took it from me while I was ‘grounded’. Send me an email after you get settled in, so we can keep in touch.’

* * * *

“Why wasn’t Janet on the bus?” I ask Rachel is Spanish class.

“She doesn’t have to be, not going to school, forced graduation.”

“Huh, how does that even work?”

“Defunct Galveston ISD gave diplomas to all of their former seniors; to relieve displacement congestion or something.”

“What was up with you last night when Julia left?”

“Oh man, stupid Becketts, you know what they did?…”

More casual chat gets a few relationship points. The class ends with minor quests for Spanish homework but no quest for our Spanish textbook.

Art isn’t as free form as I wish. They have clay and have done pottery, but not currently. The teacher wants the basics learned first. I do a lot of drawing. Whatever, I’ll make Golem designs. At least I get steady gains. I skipped a drawing specialty once before, maybe I can re-get it.

Third period is English. It’s just as useless as History, but Melissa’s in my class. Basic Academics doesn’t rise, nor had it for Spanish and Art, but at least they increase other skills. I raise Artistry by doodling on my textbook covers. I get a piddling quest for homework but no textbook quest again.

Last period is Geometry, I sit with Rachel again. It’s easy; I have a specialty for Geometry in Mathematics skill now. Mathematics at least goes up, by the end of class I’m 50% toward level 2. But if all I’m doing is geometry, how can I game getting more specialties? I get a minor homework quest again, and a textbook. It’s fucking identical to Julia’s.

Apart from boring classes, I make a lot of ‘acquaintances’. That Good first impression feature nets me a +6 relationship due to CHA 12 with anyone I don’t botch it on. I average 1-4 additional points with basic introductions and impressions, so that’s often into the next category right away. I still don’t know what it means, but so far numbers going up is good, down is bad.

While getting more friends to complete that quest is good, if it takes as long as it took Julia, should I bother? If I plan on leaving, why invest in people here? There will be people in New Hampshire too. Well, maybe Rachel, I’m halfway there already, and maybe some of the other kids in the house, except Thomas, fuck him.

I use observe on students and teachers, and keep a tally of stat scores, to figure out what average values are. I can see STR, AGI, CON and CHA base scores. The rest are hidden. STR still averages 14 for women, 16 for men; AGI averages at 15, without major deviations in the sexes. CON averages higher, 17, but is more varied and no major deviations in the sexes. CHA is varied, but averages 14 for men and 16 for women. The ‘popular’ kids get into the 20s.

INT and CHA make slow gains. School is basically just study and talk. PER goes up in tiny amounts, only when I’m concentrating on it. Usually when I make deliberate attempts to filter out noise and listen to a distant conversation. It’s hard to do other stuff at the same time. PER isn’t going to be easy to train.

* * * *

Meditating on the bus is a regular thing, unless I’m talking. I still drop out of it, but less often. I get my usual skill and stress point gains in counseling, and another exposure therapy of Chupacabra videos, push Gamer’s Mind further along. It’s easier each time. I record it again, to repeat it in the morning, but I’m starting to hit diminishing returns. Hopefully I can max Gamer’s Mind first.

I thought Meditation would give me stress point gains, but nothing so far. It’s taking too long to get stress points. Why? Therapy won’t last forever. My psychologist advises generic stress relief, relaxation, mediation, but I’m trying that, maybe certain foods, massage, physical contact with someone you trust. You mean Hugs? Yeah, or sex, I wish.

Natural stress point regen is way too slow; so some kind of outside factor has to be the primary recovery method. Or maybe mine just sucks. I still can’t see raw stress point values in observe so can only make guesses. My max goes up with each gain in INT or WIS, along with the difference in Stress points, but that doesn’t get me closer to the max. I want to top it off before the broken arm effect expires in February, so I can finish the ‘get healthy’ quest. I know how stressed Julia was when she left, even if I succeeded the ‘help her recover’ quest. I want to know how to do more when I see her again.

* * * *

I’m still pissed at the Beckett’s, I refuse to talk to them, just do my homework and study the Earth science textbook. I’ll wake Spider-Bong before meditating tonight, despite blowing a lot of MP on observe, a lot is getting wasted.

I need more mana skills. I fail yet more attempts at summoning mana in the backyard, until I give up. I should pursue new skills since my INT raise got me more slots. I still want to keep some for special skills. Observe and Create Mana Golem came from interactions with Parahumans, Julia and Granite. Maybe I can get more if I meet more? Except, my current situation restricts that.

Thursday, January 14th, 2010

Your Gamer’s Mind skill has increased by 1
Your Create Mana Golem skill has increased by 1

I push myself during my ‘exposure therapy’ session this morning, enough to annoy the others that want to use the bathroom, but I don’t care. It was just enough to level up Gamer’s Mind, while keeping Spider-Bong awake got a slow gain level in my golem skill.

Your Artistry skill has increased by 1
Your Athletics skill has increased by 1

I pay attention in Biology because it allows progress in its textbook quest. But History is another waste I spend doodling to gain a level in Artistry. Health is useful for gains in Basic Academics and progress on its textbook quest as well. PE was… a chance to exhaust my stamina, and finish a level in Athletics that I already screwed up, because as I suspected, I didn’t get the chance for a specialty. I abruptly stop all my exercise to not ruin the next specialty, and gained a little Gamer’s Body. The coach is annoyed at me but it’s nearly the end of class.

Your Observe skill has increased by 1

Throughout the day, I snatch moments to practice meditation, stealth and observe. I get it to level 11 and stop. What Observe specialty to go for next? Animals and plants are the only feasible ones, and living in suburbia isn’t going to show me many unique animals, unless I visit the zoo, so plants it is.

* * * *

I put Spider-Bong to sleep before I leave and meditate during the ride to the CPS office. I requested our meeting to be there instead of at the Beckett's, so I can talk shit about them. Sitting there with my thoughts, I realize I’d been ignoring my Speech skill. I stopped using it because I wanted to pursue a specialty, but haven’t thought of any. What are typical social skills of a lot of Video Games and RPGs? Classics are Bluff, Diplomacy, Disguise, Intimidate, Languages, Gather Information, etc. Some are already covered. What other possibilities? Barter, Taunts, Acting, Flattery, Comedy, Oration, Flirting, Seduction? Actually, which ones won’t get me in trouble? That excludes a lot. Well, time to talk to CPS.

“…so you’re not happy because they grounded you and you can’t go out and do things. They are acting as your legal guardians on behalf of the state. And you did leave without asking twice now.” Mrs. Pearson goes on after I say my rant.

“No, I told them both times, and I did ask, they just said no despite it was being a perfectly reasonable request.” I repeat, even though I’ve explained it before. I’m not getting anywhere with Mrs. Pearson in this topic. We talk about getting along with the other kids, settling into school and other crap. Bored, I use my camera to watch her log in and look at my record on the computer, because I wanted to see it, little has changed, but I have FRAPS going for the whole trip.

“Any progress on finding my identity or anyone that knows me?”

Mrs. Pearson lets out a small expression of defeat. “No, I’m sorry nothing has come up yet, though I must admit I have been busy and have less time available to put into it than I would like.”

“It’s been about three weeks now?”

“If you prefer I can keep trying, or submit requests to the Social Security Administration to get the process started on a new SSN, though that on its own will take a while as well.”

“How long does that take?”

“Getting a replacement SSN card, about 10 days, but that’s when you already have a number. New numbers with pre-existing identification can be a few weeks. Since you don’t have any to begin with I imagine it will be more complicated.”

Will I even still be here by then? “When do we meet again?”

“Tuesday the 26th.”

“Keep trying, I’ll decide then based on if you find anything. I think I’d prefer to meet in your office again too, instead of the house.”

“Do you have any other concerns?”

“Where did Julia move to?”

“Simon, we’ve been over this before, I can’t give out other children’s contact information.”

So, it’s not ‘I don’t know’ it’s ‘I can’t tell you’. “She told me New Hampshire, but she didn’t even have the exact address when she left.”

“Well, she can tell you the rest herself when she gets settled in.”

“That will be a bit difficult when I don’t have a phone because they locked it in the safe and won’t let me go to a store to get it repaired,” and so we go in a circle again. “Did you at least mark it on my inventory?”

“I’ll make a note of it. Now if there is nothing more….”

“Doctor still recommends physical therapy, but I can’t go to the Gym because I’m grounded.” I left out that I also ran out of my free trial. “And the psychiatrist said I should get acclimated to pools, open bodies of water and eventually immersion and swimming to get over my issues with having the Leviathan nearly drown me. Again, something I can’t do in current circumstances. I consider it a failure to provide medically recommended care.”

“I’ll take that into consideration, but do you understand the difference between recommended and necessity?”

I shrug. “Does it matter?”

“Alright, I am taking you back to the group home.”

“Oh and I’m getting low on pain pills again.”

Friday, January 15th, 2010

I keep Spider-Bong active all day to see how far I’ll get. If it can last all day, I can keep one golem, active all the time. It’s an incentive to make a larger, stronger golem but it’ll be heavy and hard to lug around. That only apply to civilian ID; otherwise I’ll just order it to follow me around. Here I am thinking about a cape life, yet there’s that stale cape quest I haven’t gotten to.

Your Stealth skill has increased by 1

Another round of mind whammy gets fewer gains than before. But using stealth inside the house before everyone gets up got me a level up? I check my email; there’s no reply from Julia, but the phone part came in yesterday. I just can’t do anything about it yet.

Should I break into the safe? I can make it past the door, and I’m pretty sure I know the combo from watching it via free camera. It’ll be risky. Taking it will make things worse. I’m grounded for two weeks. I’ll see if they give it back to me by then. If not, I’ll steal it back. I need to figure out how to hide it better, my money also.

    A Smuggler’s Mind.
    Figure out a way to hide a cellphone, cash, and other small items on your person or belongings so that they are not found despite being searched.

    Time Limit: None
    Success: 250 XP.
    Failure: They find it, it gets taken, ???


Isn’t the answer to that Inventory? I still don’t have access to it yet. Or is this just a tease you troll! Fine whatever, I’ll think of something the hard way. It’ll give me something to do while doodling in English.

Your Mathematics skill has increased by 1

It’s another boring school day. Spanish, Art, English, Geometry. I get some gains, and relationship bumps, but only get a level in Mathematics. I was right, no specialty. If Geometry’s a specialty, what else can be? I want to exploit this one too.

I get more mind whammy exposure therapy in counseling. They’re having less effect. The Doc thinks that’s good, but no chance to use a pool to resolve the bigger issues. More skill gains and stress point recovery. Alas, no more multi-days a week. I’m on a once a week, starting next Wednesday.

A major reason the sessions are granted, besides survivor’s trauma, is the amnesia thing, which we’ve made little progress in. They haven’t even helped the ‘learn more about yourself’ quest. Those insights came outside my sessions. My only clues are that psychology, the concept of sessions and some other things feel familiar. I may have had therapy in the past, and that’s what I’m remembering. Maybe I knew someone that worked in the industry. I started off with a level 1 in Psychology after all. It had to have come from somewhere.

I keep Spider-Bong awake until 5 pm. I’m heading home from counseling. I shut him off with 68 MP to spare, enough to wake him later. Even if I had started the day at max MP it only netted me a little more than 16 hours. I do homework and chores for minor XP, read textbooks, meditate and am off to bed. It’s getting routine, grindy, and boring. But it’ll get better, I promise, I’ll make it happen, somehow.

Saturday, January 16th , 2010

Your Meditation skill has increased by 1

I ‘sleep in’, to get my next level in Meditation. Should I continue? I’m one level from 10, and should get a new feature. Nah, it will probably take several hours, I have shit to do.

Everyone else is sleeping. I practice stealth around the house and stare at the office door. Too risky, I go back upstairs and check my email. No response from Julia, but I fire one off to the phone repair place. I hope to get it next week or the week after. Should I buy just the part and try to fix it myself?

What’s my long term goal? Follow Julia and become a cape. For that, I need preparation, a destination, communication, and transportation. What are my short term goals? Max out Gamer’s Mind, Body, and Interface, via grinding or level ups. Interface is closest, but stagnant. Parapedia, my main way of increasing it, is unavailable while I’m stuck observing plants. Damn, I didn’t even use observe yesterday, too focused on the Golem skill. Gaining levels may be easier. Smuggler’s Mind is doable, and the Earth Book is nearly done. But, they won’t earn a level by themselves.

I do my mind whammy session in the bath, and attempt to recover stress points. I sit outside in the cold to meditate while spamming observe at the neighbor’s flowers, bushes and trees. Observe specialties really suck. Animals will be the last one. I wish I can move my camera and meditate at the same time, but the hand movements break me from the trance. I position my camera first, turn mediation on and observe everything from that point, and repeat, over and over again. What are those plant zoos called?

“Simon! Come inside for breakfast!” Mr. Beckett yells at me.

After breakfast I’m so annoyed I decide to be annoying. I let loose my inner troll. “Hey Mrs. Beckett. Can I go to the Conservatory? No? Can we go? No? How about the Arboretum? The Zoo? The Mall? Can I go to the gym? Can I go jogging? The Library? The Hardware Store? Sorry don’t mean to be annoying, just you know, bored is all, very bored. Do my homework? I did it last night. Can I go to the store? The Arcade? How about Miniature Golf? Go-cart racing? Go watch TV, actually I can’t. You grounded me remember? Computer, you also barred that from me to. Oh chores... No I can’t mow the lawn, it’s January, and I have a broken arm. Trash is already on the curb. Oh Vacuum? Sue but I bet that will piss off everyone who is trying to watch TV which I cannot do since I am grounded, but if you insist…”

“Ah yes, Mr. Beckett did not appreciate the interruption of the basketball game with the noise of the Vacuum, and told me to stop. So, can I go…yes I can get the fuck out of the house, that’s perfect I’ll be at the park, okay? Good? I guess you can call me when you want me back, oh no wait, you can’t. My phone is broken and you took it. Fine, whatever, I’ll be back by lunch.”

Well, that only took two hours of constant pestering to break them down. I walk out the front door before they change their mind. Problem is lunch is not too far away. I don’t have enough time to go anywhere beyond the nearby park.

    Secret Quest: Circumvent your grounding.
    You got them to cave at least temporarily by being a complete ass-troll. Bravo! Will it work more than once? (Quest reward is one time only)

    Success: +400 XP, loss of relationship with Andrea and Richard Beckett.


Wow, that was totally worth it.

The park has a pond, some trees, a creek, a playground, and the picnic tables I first awakened Spider-Bong at. I avoided the pond and creek the last time I was here, because of Chupacabra the fuck-face. I get my fill spamming observe around the pseudo-woodland patch and clumps of overgrowth near the pond and creek. Then I get a lot of repeat species without gains and stop.

I get a mind whammy by standing on the pier over the pond. Sure as fuck is bigger than a bathtub. I force myself to take off my shoes and dangle my feet in. Dumb for anyone else, it’s still January and cold, but ‘All-weather friend’ lets me give Mother Nature the finger. Let’s get this over with. I make my Chupacabra playback videos as big as I can and pushed them out in front of me over the water. I throw a rock at the fucker’s face, with my good arm. It’s cathartic so I throw another, and another and another. I go and get a pile after I run out and do it again. Each rock pierces my illusory interface window and splashes into the water below. Moving target practice, bitch! Does that count as a creative use of my fucking interface you fucking troll?

Who should I be pissed at more? You, whatever the fuck you are behind my power or him? One of the banes of this miserable world who made me trigger and have you get stuffed into my head! Shitty or wonderful, I can’t even remember what my life was before this. But it was mine, why did the two of you have to take it from me? I promise one of you bitches is gonna pay, somehow.

    Endbringer Killer.
    Directly contribute to the death or termination of an Endbringer.

    Time Limit: Before you die.
    Success: 250,000 XP, fame and adoration, the ire of the remaining ones.
    Failure: Death, with no-reloads, bitch, Game Over Man, Game over.


Fuck you, an Endbringer is only worth 250k XP? Bullshit. Wait, are there actually re-loads or are you just trolling me again? Wait…

Endbringers can be killed???

Are you lying to me? A notification is pulsing so I open it.

You have gained the ‘Throwing’ specialty for Athletics

Huh that’s neat. I click yes and go home. Gamer’s Interface did make some decent gains from that, it’s nearly at the next level.

I meant to practice giving commands to Spider-Bong to see if that will grant better gains than merely being awake, but got sidetracked looking for plants and ranting on the pier. I wash up and help with lunch. Will raw produce count as plants or mundane objects? I’d been hesitant about using observe on things that could go either way, but now I don’t care. Good, observing a grape bunch, a bell pepper, tomato, onion, and a head of lettuce all cost 3MP, hopefully that’s okay. I won’t find out until I’m done. I should hit a grocery store produce section if I can’t visit a plant zoo. After lunch I observe the rest of the raw produce we have in the refrigerator.

That 400 XP gain means finishes those other two quests will leave me a lot closer than before. I spent the rest of Saturday figuring out how to achieve the smuggler one, and progressing in the Earth Science textbook quest.

For the smuggler one, large fat pens with small ink stems can hold a single bill wrapped up tightly around the ink stem inside the pen. For the other I do the classic, hollowed out book. Julia’s textbook, she doesn’t need it anymore, and since it’s literally identical to the one the school gave me it’s no loss. Just need to make sure I don’t mix them up. The quest completes with +250 XP.

Sunday, January 17th, 2010

Your Stealth skill has increased by 1

Practicing Stealth around the house early Sunday gets me a level. And I have a ‘Common Cold’ status effect, with a seven day timer? Crap. At least Disease Resistance starts a slow trickle upwards. I spent all day inside reading of the Earth Science textbook. After my morning Mind whammy, I’m so close, almost at level 20 Gamer’s Mind, but it’s working much less reliably.

For dutiful study of important information you have gained 1 INT

    Quest Completed: Know of Earth
    Read and then successfully answer all the questionnaires in Julia’s Earth Science book.
    Success: +300 XP, Science (Earth) skill + free geology specialty, better science placement


So, I can accept the Science (Earth) skill. Should I? Skills are nice, but should I spend a slot on it? I did this already with Mathematics. The free specialty is good, but grabbing those early is usually easy, if I have the freedom to dedicate to it, which hasn’t been the case. Maybe, Earth Science and Geology will help with golems or stone crafting? They’re related. Meh, I‘ll take it. I managed to get a +1 INT from all the study, which added another skill slot.

You have gained the Science (Earth) skill.
You have gained the ‘Geology’ specialty for Science (Earth).

Monday, January 18th, 2010

This whole day has been shit for getting progress. My cold is making me feel terrible. At least Disease Resist has some gains. My Mind Whammies this morning got stuck at 95% towards the next level. School was a bore. At least I picked flirting as my next Speech specialty, but I suck at it, or my cold is making it hard. I’ll try again tomorrow. At least Mrs. B got me some cold meds, but she wouldn’t let me stay home from school when I asked this morning. I can’t meditate very well when I’m interrupted by sneezes or coughs. At least I can slowly read my biology textbook while Spider bong is awake.

Tuesday, January 19th, 2010

I stop the playback of Chupa… Leviathan, my crutch of a word has lost its necessity, on my FRAPs feed, and shut off the shower. It’s not working anymore. Gamer’s Mind is stuck and isn’t going to budge, not via this method. If it isn’t working, no need to keep doing it.

Stealth is still going up at least, as I slink around the house in the morning before others start getting up. I’m waiting for level 5 to hit. How does the Stealth skill actually work? Is it a stranger power or me just becoming good at the mundane version? I doubt I’m that good at it yet, but what’s the potential? Does it physically make me cause less noise? Or does it make me move or step in a way that minimizes it? Does it influence other people to not pay attention? That’s how a lot of sites describe how Stranger powers work. Does it help me subconsciously choose my movements or passing to be timed to when no one is looking or paying attention? It hasn’t made me feel like I’m doing anything different besides being observant to who is around, what the lighting is, or what the ground surface is like. Wouldn’t someone trying to be sneaky be paying attention to that anyway?

Your Stealth skill has increased by 1
You have unlocked the ‘Detecting Eye’ feature for Stealth

Here we go. What is Detecting Eye? It must be that new closed eyeball thing on my interface. Skills list says it ‘shows who is actively noticing me, by number and intensity’. It barely peeks open like a sleepy wink, as I hear the water running in the girl’s bathroom, count still says zero. I’ll use Parapedia on it later. Gamer’s Interface is finally raising again, new feature to explore and all.

Yep eyeball is fully open while I eat breakfast downstairs with the other kids. It gives a count of everyone in the room, including those I can’t see. Number just went down, and I can hear that someone had gone back upstairs.

* * * *

It functioned consistently at school. It only takes 1 person out of many looking right at me to make the eye fully open. Otherwise it’s in various states of being partially closed based on the level of attention. Paying attention to me in particular is a misnomer; it’s more about how likely I’ll be seen. When someone is looking directly at me, that just turns my stealth mode right off, and it did that even before I got this feature.

Your Gamer’s Interface skill has increased by 1

Finally, that’s another one I was waiting for. I resume drawing Golem designs in Art. That will probably be the next gain. Spider-Bong is crappy, a quick creation to get that quest complete. I should make some more functional, and less obvious at first glance. Maybe make a mouse or a large dog for heavier ones? Of course a clay dog can only be disguised so much up close. Maybe I could glue fur on it? Make it big enough, maybe I can ride it. After being a cape, after.

* * * *

You have gained the ‘Drawing’ specialty for Artistry

About time, English class is so boring. I stop and switch to meditation.

“Simon, are you paying attention?” Mrs. Apelbaum asks angrily again. I break my meditation, and open my eyes at her

“Yes” I say, making several gestures, and rewind FRAPs. It comes in handy for this bullshit.

“Then maybe you can tell me the significance of the chapter we just discussed?”

I pretend to think as I watch the playback. Oh that nonsense. “You mean the turtle chapter?”

“Yes”.

“Well I think it was intended to make English class students fall asleep, because that seems to be the best affect that it has,” the class chuckles.

“Very funny” the teacher is not amused. “Can you give a serious answer?”

“Yes, it purposefully highlights the absolute hopelessness and pointlessness of the great depression and the Joad family’s journey. Either that or Steinbeck was a massive troll, who made a bet with his publisher that he could put a meta chapter of hundreds of word in when he could have just said ‘The turtle tried to cross the road, but it was hard’ instead. Kinda like the entire book you know. The Joad family tried to cross the country, it was hard, and then they died… probably… because I’m not actually going to tell you. Like almost as pointless as trying to get ninth graders to actually want to read the Grapes of Wrath.” More chuckles ripple through the class room.

I thought she would learn to stop asking me questions by now. I expect another annoyed look, but she gives me a sorrowed look of pity instead.

“I had hoped you of all might find resonance and parallels to the characters more than most.”

Eh? Why should I?

“Alright class, let’s consider some of Ma Joad’s words at the end. ‘Used’ta be fambly was fust, It ain’t so now. It’s anybody. Worse off we get, the more we got to do.’ What parallels can you make of the Joad’s situation and the events, feelings, and attitudes of society now in the wake of escalating...”

I tune her out and go back to meditating.

* * * *

Well, my experiments practicing Speech skill purely by flirting yesterday were a wash. But flirting at least can potentially help make progress on the ‘get a date’ quest. Even though I must suck at it, I saw skill percentages rise. Rarely, I get relationship bumps, often losses, no actual dates, though I didn’t directly ask, yet. Should I feel bad, because I’m not being genuine? It’s just practice for me. Hopefully CHA is going up too, but can’t check with Parapedia while stuck on plant-watch.

“Good afternoon, lovely ladies.” I say as I sit down next some of the girls from my English class during lunch. Melissa sits among them. Sandy, the tall, coincidentally sandy-haired cheerleader, suppresses a snort. Tanya, the dark-skinned math-lete rolls her eyes. Zoey, looks at me in surprise with eyes ringed by heavy black eye-liner behind black-rimmed glasses. Melissa arches an eye-brow at me, and brushes her brown bangs out of her face. The Jock, the Nerd, the Goth and the Normal, that makes me the dude?

“Our fifth wheel has arrived.” Tanya says with an exaggerated huff.

“Aw, don’t be like, like that. Your pleasant banter is far more entertaining than Mrs. Apple-bum’s preaching.”

“It’s not Apple-Bum, her name is Apelbaum” Sandy corrects me.

“Yes, she is definitely not an Apple-bum, more like a cottage cheese bum.” I retort. I earn a confused look from Sandy, and a suppressed chuckle from Zoey. Even Melissa fails to hide a smirk.

“Uh-huh, what about our banter could possibly be so entertaining?” Zoey asks.

A brief pause for timing, I respond as Sandy is taking a drink. “Oh, I simply enjoy the back and forth of your stimulating wits.”

Sandy partially spits up her drink, Zoey laughs, and Tanya asks “What did you just say?”

“I find all your wits appealing.” Sandy punches me hard in the arm. I lost an HP? And got a smidge of Gamer’s Body from that? “Hey, only over-protective jealous boyfriends are supposed to do that!”

“You did that on purpose, you’re just trolling.” Melissa says.

“What, me? Never.”

“You’re a regular comedian; you should join the Drama club.” Tanya says.

Something like that could help me practice speech and CHA. “Alas, my after school activities are restricted. I am grounded, for it seems I am a dangerous individual who should be limited in their interactions with others and the world.”

“Well at least part of that statement is true.” Sandy intones.

“No really, danger is my middle name; I have the injuries to prove it.” I say as I waggle my broken arm.

“Ha, that is so cliché; do you really think any of those stupid lines work?” Tanya laughs showing off a pretty mouth despite it being filled with braces before quickly hiding them behind closed lips.

“For what I actually intended, yes. It made you laugh and smile. You have a beautiful smile, and seeing it brightens my day.”

“What, really?” Tanya blushed, +5 relationship with Tanya Mitchell, score.

“His middle name is actually Clarence.” Melissa says out of the blue. The girls giggle.

“What? Mel, you wound me. Now, don’t go revealing all of my secrets.” I reply with mock indignation.

“Yeah, how did you really break your arm?” Zoey asks.

I shrug noncommittally. “Oh, just maybe sorta fighting and running from Leviathan.” I say quietly. The table goes silent.

“Jeez, are you serious?” Sandy whispers.

“Maybe less fighting and more running.” They continue to stare at me blankly. “Okay maybe no fighting, and all running, but yeah.”

“Wow, I knew there were a lot of transfers in, but the teachers told us all not to ask or pry.” Tanya says. “Are you okay?”

“I’m coping, humor helps… Sometimes.”

I may have put a damper on the conversation so want to turn it around. “So do y’all think any of the wards go to school here?” I used observe on them all previously, so I knew no one at my table was, but I haven’t observed the entire student body.

“We’re not supposed to speculate about that.” Sandy says.

“Meh… Speculation’s fun.”

* * * *

“Alright I need to go to the grocery store.” Mrs. Beckett announces after we all got back from school. “I need some of you…”

“I’ll go” I say, getting up from studying. It’s a chance to observe the produce section. I put Spider-Bong to sleep and get in the car. A house of twelve, eleven now, with nine teenagers can clear out a fridge and freezer in days. When we got home, I get another round of piddling XP for homework and chores, and work my way through the textbook quests. A couple hours of mediation finally gets me a new milestone gain.

Your Meditation skill has increased by 1
You have unlocked the ‘Healthy Mind, Healthy Body’ feature for Meditation

No Parapedia, can’t get a more in-depth explanation of what that means. Not yet anyway, stupid plants.

* * * *

Wednesday, January 20th, 2010

I’m not getting gains in Stealth anymore so I stop neglecting my Computers skill. It’s still problematic, researching a subject online doesn’t gain skill in Computers but in the subject, so long as the source isn’t garbage. I’m not going to get a new specialty in Computers next level anyway because the smartphone stuff spilled over from the last level up. Fine, I’m a cheater-cheater, pumpkin eater, I’ll just research computers on the computer.

* * * *

“School was boring as fuck today.” I say to my psychiatrist. Mr. Archer just nods and lets me rant. One cool thing about him is that he doesn’t care whether or not I swear. He says it has its uses, and I was certainly finding them. He even told me to look up George Carlin’s Seven Dirty Words skit at a prior session.

"I’m feeling trapped and bored. Even flirting with girls at school feels empty sometimes. I have goals, to try and improve myself and just plain figure out what kinds of things I like or am good at, but I’m stifled because I don’t have the freedom to pursue them in the manner I want to.” Left unsaid is the questing, numerical, power related nature of those improvements. “Yet, it freaks me out a bit some times. I don’t know what I like because I don’t remember my prior life save for a few niche areas.”

“Well,” Mr. Archer spoke up breaking his usual silence. “You are more of a unique case for sure. You’re a Tabula Rasa.”

“A what?”

“Tabula Rasa is Latin for ‘blank slate’. Most kids your age are in fact trying to find their own identity and sense of self in the world, what they like, what they want to do when they grow up and all that. But even as young as teenagers are, you all still have a host of prior memories and experiences to draw from that will shape the direction they take.”

“Except me.”

“Yes except you. But, in a way it gives you a lot more freedom to shape your own identity than others. You need not view that as a disadvantage.”

“But memories define us. I can’t help but wonder, how would suddenly regaining mine change who I am now or might become?” And it goes further than that. I can’t ask what I really wonder about. How do gains to my INT, WIS, and CHA affect me as a person? How have they or will they change my personality or my view of the world? If I couldn’t cheat and rest with the click of a button, this nagging thought would keep me up all night. “One day what if my memories or my personality from before, comes out, and I don’t like it or worse I don’t notice it, and the new me gets overwritten. What if the friends or relationships I’ve made since aren’t compatible with that?”

All the while I’m thinking what if having really high mental stats suddenly changes my worldview or Gamer’s Mind even? In my rush to max it out will it just make me less human? I think it’s already doing its thing, because a normal person would be more freaked out about these ideas. Though I don’t even know what the averages are, my mental stats or charisma might not be high, or below average even. Yet, prior to bumping my INT and WIS I hadn’t even thought about these questions. It is an existential crisis if Gamer’s Mind isn’t letting me panic or stress over it?

“Well those are things that you can’t control, focus on what you can. Whether or not you want to pursuing regaining your memories is in your control, but it is unlikely something you can force. Regaining old ones won’t take your new ones away…”

Except there are plenty of powers out there that can fuck with memories and personalities; my power already fucked with mine. I could just as well say my old ones should not have gone away yet they did. Mr. Archer drones on, giving me reassurances, and I respond in kind. That’s part of his job after all, no need to be mad at that. Or is that Gamer’s Mind doing its thing again? He does have a point, several actually, I keep it carefully phrased through the lens of dealing with my amnesia rather than my powers, but the parallels I present are purposeful.

If I do indeed remember who I was before, I would probably be a lot more worried about how those mental and social stats and skills directly affect my identity and personality, my entire sense of self. Yet, what surely must not be so coincidental, for all effective purposes, I do not have an identity or personality prior to gaining my powers. It was taken from me sure, but in the taking it removed the very thing I was attempting, and failing, at getting worked up about. I was indeed a Tabula Rasa; I could forge whatever identity I wanted for myself.

Psychology has a lot to say about identity, so does Mr. Archer. There is Id, ego, super-ego, all the old school definition and thoughts, and all the newer modern views on it. I use FRAPS in the session so I can review the resources Mr. Archer points out to me, yet also put it aside, for the PTSD/exposure therapy sessions, which no longer gave me gains in Gamer’s Mind, at least not in a comfortable safe setting. I’d have to step it up a notch, or break down and just spend points to max the skill out.

You have gained the ‘Exposure Therapy’ specialty for Psychology

At least I make progress in Psychology and Empathy, but they’re getting diminishing results. It’s better than nothing, there are few sessions left before the restrictions of the house get more unbearable.

Thursday, January 21st, 2010

Your Language-Spanish skill has increased by 1

Level 4 now, that’s far more rapid gains than my other skills. Maybe I really did know Spanish in my previous life? Why do languages only have 5 levels? Lazy game design I bet. Speaking and listening don’t get me gains anymore. That leaves reading and writing for the last level.

“Tu pelo es tan negro como el cielo nocturno, tus ojos son estrellas azules, tus labios son pétalos de rosa. tu piel es bronce ...”

“Simon, if you’re actually trying to flirt with me, stop it.” Rachel nearly snorts.

“What? Teacher said we needed to use colors and body parts in sentences.”

“Just want to make sure you understand, you’re not my type. That and I’m older and a year ahead of you anyway. I already watched you crash and burn a few times. Besides, I thought you liked Julia.”

“Julia’s not here.”

“Still no emails?”

“Nope.” I sigh. “So, I’m not your type. What is? If you don’t mind me asking; beefy chiseled jaw dudes striking heroic poses?”

Rachel suppresses a laugh. “Haha, no that’s just about as far to the opposite as you could get. Besides nobodies types are that simple. Except maybe yours, I’d guess female and has a pulse given some of your antics lately.”

“Touché, hmm. I actually haven’t given that as much though as I should.” I suppose it’s one of those things I ought to know already if not for the whole blank slate thing. What do I like? Who have I been more genuine with in flirty banter with than others, who more hopeful of?

You have learned a new thing about yourself: You’re attracted to tall, athletic women with grand stimulating wits.

“Um, tall, athletic girls with big br…ains.”

“Well, at least you’re honest with yourself. Also, that describes Julia.”

The bell rings. “See you in Geometry” she says.

* * * *

“…I don’t want to do more drawing; I’ve done a lot already. Why can’t I try pottery or any other medium?” I don’t want to blow the chance for another specialty in Artistry by doing the same thing again.

“Most of the clay was used up for projects last semester.”

“It’s clay it can’t be that hard to find more. What if I brought my own?” How would I do that unless I can go buy some or dig some up somewhere, while not being grounded?

“You were still going to present more sketches.”

“Oh, that’s already done.” I dig out the pages of doodles I’ve been doing in all my boring classes and hand them to the art teacher.

“And what then, will you be doing today?”

“Learning about pottery or sculpture or something else?”

“Fine.” The teacher says, then digs up a few pottery books. “Read those, come up with a project plan, and if you bring your own clay you can try it.

* * * *

“…It’s because you didn’t get it Simon.” Melissa says. We’re arguing about the meaning of the Steinbeck’s boring book. The class has been going on about it for a while. It was a ‘read over the winter break’ assignment, so I never had such an assignment. I got out of a lot material, but Mrs. Apelbaum wants me to understand it anyway.

“But it just ends abruptly without resolution, and it’s a depressing book, the cliff notes told me that much.”

“Yeah, that’s the point. The great depression was shitty, they lost their way, their families, and their livelihood, ‘It’s not about just family first, now its everybody.’ They stepped beyond themselves, then beyond their family into the greater community of humanity. That’s what she wants us to think about. The world is crap, between Endbringers, villains out numbering heroes, entire countries or economies collapsing. The news said in a few years, at the current rate of attacks, we’d see our current economic depression rival or surpass the Great Depression handily. She wants us to think beyond ourselves, beyond our immediate friends and families, to the greater community of human society. How do we save it? Just like the Joad’s tried to think about how to save everybody’s cars, their stuff, and simply the people they were traveling with.”

“That’s assuming anything is savable.” I say. My mind is still partly elsewhere, I converted my interface text to Spanish to get more crap to read and grind Spanish and Gamer’s Interface more. English class is still a waste of my time.

“That’s a pessimistic view. Shouldn’t we at least try?”

“Well that’s what the heroes are supposed to be doing, right? You’d make a good Hero Mel.”

“Well, I don’t have any powers.”

“Me either.” I quickly counter, “Unless my dashing wit and charming smiles count, you all can be in my fan club. I’ll sign your shirts.” That gets some muted chuckles from the lunch table.

“Simon’s right though” Tanya says. “The book is really boring, and Mrs. Apelbaum is like trying too hard to be all meta sometimes.

The lunch bell rings and we go back to the boring English class. I scroll through the Spanish translation of my active quests. I look over the Endbringer one. It’s still in the pending tab, I’d never accepted it, and it hadn’t auto accepted. This has to be my power trolling me like usual, right? Endbringers couldn’t be killed, could they? If they could, would I try? It implies I could contribute, how? In what possible way could that ever be a thing? Should I take this quest seriously at all? I leave it alone, unanswered.

* * * *

If not for chatting and joke flirting with Rachel, Geometry would be a boring, almost useless class. My mathematics skill goes up with any math problem of a certain complexity. Another entirely passive skill, it’s hard to strategize specialties for. This level is ruined. What other types could I pursue, advanced algebra, trigonometry, calculus? Those are all advanced math subjects. Can I still cheat there? I should at least try, since I spent a skill slot on this. I’m hoping it will help me game the numbers, maybe even reveal some of the formulas behind how this whole thing works. Maybe I’ll stop doing work at my next level, so I can try to force some other specialty.

It’s time for more mediation on the ride home, more piddling XP for homework, and more slogging through the textbook quests. I want the XP gains sooner rather than later. Assuming the same XP gains for mundane assignments and chores tomorrow I’d still be short of leveling up after Friday.

Your Create Mana Golem skill has increased by 1
You have unlocked the ‘Reinforced’ feature for Create Mana Golem

Create Mana Golem hits level 5, a new feature as expected, but no Parapedia to get more details. “Skills.” Nothing? Oh right. “Habilidades”. What does Reinforced do? Little info there. “Estado, Spider-Bong” It has a new field called ‘Reinforcement Level: None’, nothing else to go by. Crap, Create Mana Golem stop going up even though Spider-Bong is awake. Or is it just super slow? I’ll keep him awake till tomorrow to be sure.

Friday, January 22nd, 2010

Despite trying all night, Create Mana Golem skill didn’t rise, so I turn Spider-Bong off. FRAPS and observing plants is all I’ll spend MP on today. Looks like I had some notifications while I was sleeping too.

Your Disease Resistance skill has increased by 1
You have unlocked the ‘Genetic Too’ feature for Disease Resistance.

Eh? Well duh, I still feel like crap. My head cold has bothered me for days. I tripled my pain meds to numb me and grind more Drug Resistance. Four pills left, was supposed to last me into February. Huh, I’m now resistant or immune to genetic diseases also or just at the same level of resistance I have to the other crap Disease Resistance specifies? How does that even work? Does my DNA get altered? My head is too stuffed up to get all philosophical right now. Asking to not go in to school again is pointless. I’m nearly at the next level in Speech, which should tell me if the flirting experiment worked. I can’t gain that if I stay at home.

There’s still no email from Julia. Should I send a second? Probably too soon, I will after I get the phone repaired and a phone number. After moderate gains in researching on the computer, it’s time to go. I skip meditation on the bus to observe every plant I can see. This shit needs to be over and done with. I’m failing to get gains more than 50% of the time. Goddamn monoculture landscapes. Picking plants in the middle of winter was pretty stupid. Fuck doing animals later, not unless I plan a trip to the zoo.

* * * *

I actually pay attention in Biology class; we work through a book section and it helps me progress in the textbook quest. In History, I don’t. I flirt, and read my Spanish interface for miniscule gains in Gamer’s Interface and slightly better ones in Spanish. At some point during that I gained a level in Drug Resist and the numb haze I was in from the pills this morning wears off.

Health, another class I pay attention in, because it progress a skill and textbook quest. We ironically go over the dangers of drugs and smoking. The lunch bell rings and I follow some upper classmen to sneak off campus after I overhear them talking about taking a smoke break.

“Hello, lovely ladies.” I say, though I was still a bit away.

They startle a bit. “Oh, it’s just a freshman, where’s a can of raid when you need one?” Lisa responds.

“Hey, you know I only want you for…your cigarettes. Nicotine is a natural pesticide you know?”

“Ha, never heard someone try to use stupid trivia as a pick-up line.” Sara said.

“Hey, I try things, I shoot stuff out, sometimes it sticks, quantity has a quality all its own.”

“Oh my God” Lisa laughs, choking on her drag. “That was soooo... awful, did you even realize how bad that was?”

Well yeah, that was pretty bad, might as well own it. “Yes, I did, which is why it wasn’t serious and you didn’t take it that way right? Really I just want to bum some cigarettes off you.”

A hand grabs me by the shirt collar and I get slammed into the brick of the building we are hiding behind. A quick glance shows a sliver of missing HP.

“This little cum-stain bothering you Lisa?” Jealous, senior, jock, asshole boyfriend asks. He has a name; it’s there in his overhead tag, so is his class name of ‘Asshole’.

“No, and I doubt these intelligent capable people need your intervention.” I spit out.

“I wasn’t asking you, pipsqueak.”

“Pipsqueak, really what is this, the 50’s?” I retort. Sara sniggers.

“Calm down Jason, he’s just trying to bum some smokes.” Lisa actually comes to my defense.

“Stay the hell away from my girl. Got it?” Asshole says.

    Beat the Bully
    Show this overgrown asshole you’re no pipsqueak.

    Success: 200 XP, An unarmed combat lesson.
    Failure: A different unarmed combat lesson.
    Do you accept? Y/N


Hell, no. I don’t need that trouble. “Your girl? Isn’t that kinda possessive and creepy.” Asshole just lifts me up enough to slam me back into the wall again, drops me as I press no and dismiss the quest.

You have gained the ‘Romance’ specialty for Speech
You have made a good First impression, with Lisa Holmes
Lisa Holmes has gone from stranger to acquaintance.
You have made a good first impression with Sara Standford
Jason Todd has gone from stranger to annoyance.

“Come on, let’s go.” Asshole says to Lisa entirely too much like a command, and they walk off.

“That was brave, a little sweet, but very stupid.” Sara says.

“I didn’t know I was going to get accosted by Biff Tannen.” She looks at me confused as I stand up and brush myself off. “Don’t suppose you’re still willing to let me bum a few cigarettes are you?”

“In exchange for what?” Sara asks.

“My heartfelt thanks?”

“Yeah, no…”

“How about next week’s Health homework? I finished mine already I’ve got it in my backpack. I can just do it over again this weekend. Give it to you for half-a-pack.”

“How do I know it’s any good?”

“Got a 100 on the prior assignment, See for yourself.” I say as I pull them out of my backpack.

“2 cigarettes.”

“6”

“Sara, are you coming?” I hear Lisa yell from where they walked off to.

“4” Sara countered.

“Deal” I say as I exchange my homework for the cancer sticks. I want at least a few extra to share with Rachel, which ought to get me a few more relationship points. “I hope Lisa realizes that she deserves better than that asshole.”

“Yeah, I keep telling her that.”

“And you’re her friend? Good. Keep telling her that.”

Sara Stanford has gone from stranger to acquaintance

“Come on Sara!” Asshole yells then revs his trans-am engine.

“See ya round; don’t want to keep asshole waiting now.” I say as Sara departs.

I abuse my volume controls to listen to them as Sara walks off.

“You didn’t actually give your number or anything to that dweeb did you?” I hear Lisa ask from asshole’s car as she got in.

“No, course not. But I got next week’s health homework.”

Their conversation is lost in the sound of asshole squealing his tires out of the parking lot. I skip the rest of lunch, and wander around an empty overgrown field next to the school spamming Observe while I smoke and go through my notifications and skills. Good, Drug Resist is still going up with cigarettes, unless that’s leftover gains from the pain pills this morning. I can’t really tell which is which. I get a couple stress point gains from the cancer stick though. ‘Romance’; isn’t explicitly flirting, but it certainly covers it. The experiment is a success. Maybe I can barter more often; it can be the next thing to aim for.

I consider skipping PE, but it’s an easy class I get gains in. Plus it will probably get back to the Beckett’s. I don’t want to fuck things up while they still have my phone in the safe. I should definitely start skipping lunch; maybe I can sell or trade my lunch vouchers. Cafeteria food is crap anyway. Now that I got my ‘romance’ specialty over and done with, flirting during lunch isn’t important anymore. Even if all I do is walk out here and observe the weeds on the empty lot, that’s more productive, especially since sneaking off campus gives me gains in Stealth. So what’s the difference compared to before? The fact there is actual consequences for getting caught? That could get difficult.

* * * *

I stop dodging when the notification appears, and immediately get hit with two of the big red rubber balls and called out.

For practicing your whole-body reflexes you have gained 1 AGI

Well that’s awesome. I thought I hit the next level in Athletics. I don’t want to ruin another specialty attempt. Athletics is only a few points away. I continue playing until I manage to get that last little bit and stop, getting tagged out again.

Your Athletics skill has increased by 1
You have unlocked the ‘Don’t Break a Sweat’ feature for the Athletics skill

So dodge ball is useful. It’s also useful in that I can stand around doing nothing if I want to stop gaining passive Athletics, while ‘failing’ to catch any balls with which to try and hit the dodgers. Except, I’m pretty damn sure there won’t be any more dodge ball next week when Coach gets back.

* * * *

“So why do you want to talk to me out here Simon? You’re not gonna try to flirt with me again are you? I said you aren’t my type.” Rachel asks as we move through the backyard and into the alley.

I waggle my eyebrows in an exaggerated manner. “Not worried the other kids will think we are having a secret lover’s rendezvous are you?”

“Be serious, Simon.”

“Serious isn’t much fun.” I say as I pull the cigarettes out of where I’m hiding them, and offer one to her.

“Oh thank god, I’ve been cravin’ bad for a while.” Rachel says as she takes them. I light them up with a lighter I stole from the kitchen pantry. I keep an eye on her Relationship meter, +6 with Rachel Zamora.

“Hey what are friends for?” I said as I take a drag. “We are friends right? Isn’t that what you told me before, don’t try just be?” +15 with Rachel Zamora

“Hmm, maybe I’m warming up to it.” she says. She’s at 83 now, that’s pretty close. “I just don’t want you to get the wrong ideas.”

“So you’ve said. You are a very guarded person, you know? I get it though, you don’t want to date. Not that I have actually asked if you haven’t noticed, and not that I would turn it down either if you were the one to ask. But it’s okay. So you’re not interested. Sometime I want to ask why, but might not like the answer. Then again we both went through hell not long ago, so the answer should be damn obvious anyway.”

Your Empathy skill has increased by 1
You have unlocked the ‘Vibes’ feature for Empathy

“Yeah, that’s the majority of it.”

“But not all of it...” Rachel starts to speak again but I interrupted.

“No, shush. I’m not prying, tell me, whatever, only if you feel like it, at your own pace.” +2 with Rachel Zamora.

“There’s a memorial vigil in Houston this weekend for Galveston, beachside, in sight of what’s left of the island. It’s officially condemned now by the governor. Recovery efforts have been suspended.”

“Damn. You haven’t heard more about your family have you?” Rachel frowns and shakes her head silently. “Do you want to go?” I ask her?

She shrugs and finishes off her cigarette. I offer her a second, the last one of the four.

“Well I’d like to go. We can double team the Beckett’s if they aren’t willing, triple if Janet wants to.”

She scrunches her face. “You can’t stop the double entendre’s huh? I’ll ask her.”

“It’s not my mind that went there. Shit, they’re looking for us.” I say as my ramped up volume detects the back door getting opened and someone walking out.”

“I didn’t hear.”

“Trust me” I say as Rachel stamps out her cigarette, and we slip back into the backyard, creep along, and step around the corner of the shed.

Mrs. Beckett is there to see us. “What have y’all been doing? Dinner’s ready.”

“Looking for clay. I have a pottery art project coming up, and you won’t let me go to a store and buy some.” I show her my dirty hands which I had got that way on purpose.

She looks at me skeptically. “Go wash your hands.”

* * * *

I let the bathroom shower run and stuff a towel in the crack under the door because I’m being paranoid. I need to figure out how to get gains in Create Mana Golem again, that isn’t just building another one with clay I don’t have. Sleeping will over fill my MP maximum, and observe plus FRAPs all day won’t be enough to eliminate wastage.

I wake Spider-Bong back up and tell him to follow me, and pace back and forth across the floor. Good, it’s tiny, but there are gains. Does it just need to be executing an order rather than sitting there doing nothing? I order him to follow the sink and he moves over and stands there. I order him to follow the toilet; he moves to it and stands there. I make him guard the sink and follow the toilet. A message tells me its incompatible orders due to being different targets and the last order takes precedence. I tell him to guard the sink and follow the sink. Aha, faster gains. What will happen if someone uses the sink? I do so, and Spider-Bong attacks my foot. Really? Talk about dumb and biting the masters hand. I tell it to stop.

How can I abuse this? I tell Spider-bong to follow itself and guard itself, and it stands perfectly still. Yet, gains, exploit for the win. I wish I realized this earlier; I could have progressed a lot faster. Only danger now is someone picking it up. Yep, as soon as I do, it attacks my hand and I order it to stop. It’s worth the risk of restarting gains again. I doubt anyone is going to mess with it, so I can go back to having it awake again to train my skill up while I’m sleeping.

Name: Simon Clarence Anderson
Gender: Male
Age: 15
Race: Parahuman
Class: Foster Kid / Deceptive Snit
Faction: None
Money: $49.71
Title: Vermin Stomper
Level: 8 (98.44%)
XP: 6375

Primary Attributes
STR: 7 (-0.50) 6.50 (60.97%)
AGI: 6 (-1.00) 5.00 (2.03%)
CON: 11 (-0.25) 10.75 (4.76%)
INT: 21 (-0.60) 20.40 (17.65%)
PER: 11 (0.00) 11.00 (41.11%)
WIS: 20 (-0.60) 19.40 (82.12%)
CHA: 12 (-0.12) 11.88 (59.75%)
LUC: 10 (0.00) 10.00 (21.01%)
Unspent Points: 19

Secondary Attributes
Health Pool: 222/222
Stamina Pool: 202/202
Mana Pool: 216/2100
Stress Pool: 355/410

Attack: 6.75
Speed: 2.67
Dodge: 9.45
Armor: 0.20
Carry: 65.00
Allure: 2.50

Skills
Max Slots: 39
Free Skill Slots: 10
Artistry: 6 (0.00%)
Athletics: 5 (0.00%)
Basic Academics: 9 (15.15%)
Computers: 6 (37.54%)
Crafting (Stone & Pottery): 5 (60.45%)
Create Mana Golem: 5 (3.73%)
Disable Device: 7 (44.57%)
Disease Resistance: 5 (10.04%)
Drug & Poison Resistance: 7 (7.34%)
Empathy: 5 (0.00%)
Firearms: 1 (0.00%)
Gamer’s Body: 12 (34.91%)
Gamer’s Interface: 22 (6.43%)
Gamer’s Mind: 19 (95.00%)
Language-English: MAX (0.00%)
Language-Spanish: 4 (9.85%)
Mathematics: 2 (58.67%)
Meditation: 10 (32.74%)
Null Resistance: 3 (13.69%)
Observe: 11 (78.80%)
Parahuman Lore: 6 (47.86%)
Programming: 2 (67.45%)
Psychology: 4 (0.00%)
Science (Earth): 1 (0.00%)
Speech: 5 (0.00%)
Stealth: 5 (11.23%)
Strategy: 1 (0.00%)
Vehicle Operations: 3 (0.00%)
Video Games: 26 (5.87%)
Unspent Skill Points: 9

Perks
Free Perk Slots: 0
Gaia's Blessing: Mana Pool and Mana Skill access
Gaia's Attunement: Elemental Affinity access
Light Sleeper: Need only 5 hours to get fully rested
Mana Reserve: Bonus MP per level increased by 25%

Flaws
Selective Amnesia: We had to make room for stuff in your head
A Bit of a Troll: Sometimes you just can't help yourself
Unnatural Curiosity: Can't always resist the urge to find stuff out
