Tuesday, January 12th, 2010

Useful gains at least but not a full level. I calmed myself down in the bathroom after enduring another round of ‘Exposure Therapy’ this morning identical to last nights. It was less gain than last night. I had a quick breakfast and then it was on to the bus again for school. I got to wave hi and bye to Julia as she ate another gigantic bowl of cereal, on the way out the door. I sat next to Rachel on the way this time. She also noticed my weird mutterings and absent stare as I Observed the vehicles and mostly failed at meditation on the bus ride.

First period Biology was, ‘meh’. No new skills or gains. Tried using camera to spy on the parking lot again, but it made me very inattentive. I was already a semester behind so the teacher didn’t like it. I wasn’t seeing the point if I wasn’t gaining skills though. All that changed at the end of the period when I put my new textbook in my backpack and got a ‘Know of Life’ quest identical to the other textbook quests for +300 XP. Also some minor quests for completing biology homework. Teacher assigned me extra to help catch up. So even though I didn’t see any gains during class, the promise of XP gain at the end greatly helped my motivation. History though? Fuck history, no gains, and no textbook quest, only minor ones for the (again) extra load of catch-up homework; which was worth less than the biology homework.

At least I didn’t have to catch-up in Health. Being only a semester long, this was its first day. First notable difference was that I was in fact gaining minute percentages toward Basic Academics. Why didn’t I for the other classes? At least that was progress. Lunch was during 3rd period, but the only person I saw was Thomas, who told me to fuck off when I attempted to sit with him. Whatever, asshole was in one of his moods, got brought up in counseling a lot. End of class, another textbook quest? ‘Know your Body’. Really? You troll-power, really? That was the name you choose? No homework though, small miracles.

PE, yeah, my broken arm got me out of some stuff, but the coach still made me run. Got athletics gains, but that also fucked up my specialty exploit strategy. Less important now because I was planning to fuck it up anyway by going to the gym later. Today is the last day to use my week long free pass. However, not being in absolute control of my own exercise/athletic training was going to be a problem in the future for sure.

****​

Your Stealth skill has increased by 1

At least I could practice it walking between bus-stops and to and from the store. Also, I cannot run and use stealth at the same time, not that this is much of a surprise. Most video games don’t let you do that. I threw an Observe at a passing 1985 Red El Camino, only a few dozen more to go. Parking lots and roads were ideal. New car dealerships were actually crappy, because of too many repeats of the same models.

At least the repair store could get the part I needed to fix the phone, it was expensive though. I needed a battery as well, also expensive. Getting both would cost over $100, and leave me with little to buy the phone from Julia with, let alone a prepaid account. I had them order the part anyway, but it won’t arrive until later in the week.

I was at the gym again when I realized I had not complete thought my plan through. My goal was to train Gamer’s Body, my stats and also hopefully finish off that ‘Shortest Path to the Cheese’ quest. I could even get an extra 50 XP if my max simultaneously trained skill went up to seven. That is possible by activating Spider-Bong. First issue was I did it last time by using Observe on my Gamer’s Interface stuff. I’m stuck on vehicles still. Fixable, though by finishing it off in the parking lot even if it leaves me low on mana and time.

You have gained the ‘Vehicle Enthusiast’ Observe specialty

Now, same deal as last time, but this time wake up Spider-Bong and leave it in my backpack. Popped some pain pills earlier, running on the treadmill listening to Spanish lessons, and using Observe on the various interface elements I had skipped earlier, +50 XP. Don’t know how I will top more than 7 though.

The harder task is now trying to train three stats simultaneously. I hope it doesn’t actually mean upping whole points at the same time, because that might be impossible. I found a weighted vest and wrist straps to use while running, but so far this is taking too damn long. I’ve already wiped out my stamina and finished off half my water, and the quest still hasn’t triggered. What the hell is going on? Fuck it, Parapedia, Observe stats.

    Strength (56.68% towards next point)

    Affects Melee & throwing damage, Health and carrying capacity. A strength score of zero results in infirmity.

    Agility (76.87% towards next point)

    Affects defense, dodge, movement speeds, and stamina. An agility score of 0 results in immobilized incapacitation.

    Constitution (96.42% towards next point)

    Affects Health, Stamina, resistances and recovery. A CON score of 0 results in death.

    Intelligence (58.93% towards next point)

    Affects memory, Skills, Mana, Stress, and decision variety. An intelligence score of 0 results in brain death.

    Perception (37.85% towards next point)

    Affects your intuition and observations of the world and others. A perception score of 0 results in complete sensory failure.

    Wisdom (73.22% towards next point)

    Affects common sense, Mana, Stress, and making good choices. A wisdom score of 0 results in severe impulse control problems and chronically poor decision making.

    Charisma (18.34% towards next point)

    Affects relationships, Allure, reputation, social interactions and how others perceive you. A charisma score of 0 results in severely impaired social ability.

    Luck (20.96% towards next point)

    Affects critical strikes, failures, and successes, random events, quest opportunities, and minor mundane things in the world. A luck score of 0 result in a shitty life of suffering.



Fuck I can see progress on those? Since when? Damn why isn’t that on my main stats page? STR and CON are going up, AGI is sitting there. Damn I need a break. Why the hell isn’t it going up? What did it say the last time I got a point in it? ‘For practicing your whole-body reflexes you have gained 1 AGI’ Whole-body? I was barely able to maintain a slow jog, damn. Spanish isn’t driving up INT? I can barely pay attention to it right now anyway. Actually I had gained a level in it, and it stopped rising?

I turned the MP3 player off, got up and tried again, fiddling with my volume controls to try and listen in and use my third party camera to perceive the side class behind me…maybe, just maybe, I can eek a few percentage points out of PER.

    Quest: Find the shortest path to the cheese! completed.

    Success: Part 1 & 2 Achieved.
    Bonus Condition: +50 XP for each simultaneous skill trained above 5. Current Best: 7
    Bonus Condition: +100 XP for each stat simultaneously trained above 3. Current Best: 3

    This open quest may now be cancelled, but doing so will prevent future XP gains from active bonus conditions.

Video games with third party camera you get to mostly watch your own characters ass. I just watched mine fall off a running treadmill and tumble into an empty machine behind it. Glad I tripled my pain pill dose earlier.

For testing the limits of your endurance and vitality, you have gained 1 CON

****​

My body ached and was fatigued and sore, and I was still also a bit numb form the meds, hopefully dinner and maybe breakfast tomorrow will recover the HP I lost from falling off the treadmill and slamming into the elliptical behind it. New lesson learned, if I want to train AGI I need to engage in a lot more movement than mere jogging.

Now that I decided to go back to regular uses of Observe rather than pursue (for now) another specialty, I could start using it on people on the way home. As before, I could see name and class in overhead tags without getting prior clues. I used Observe on a nearby bus passenger to check for any other new changes.

    Name: Charles Acosta
    Level: 9
    Alias: None
    Gender: Male
    Age: 56
    Ethnicity: African-American, Portuguese
    Race: Human
    Class: Contractor/Handyman
    Faction: None

    STR: 16 (-1.0) 15
    AGI: 10 (??) ??
    CON: 14 (??) ??
    INT: ?? (??) ??
    PER: ?? (??) ??
    WIS: ?? (??) ??
    CHA: 10 (??) ??
    LUC: ?? (??) ??

    Allure: 3.0
    Armor: 0.3
    Speed: ??
    Attack: ??
    Dodge: ??

    Health: 293/300
    Stamina: 240/240
    Stress: ??/??
    Hunger: ...
    Thirst: ...
    Fatigue: ...

    Summary Description: ...

    Currently Feeling: ...

    Status Effects:
    Physical effects: ...
    Mental effects: ...



I can see fully modified STR, and base scores for AGI, CON and CHA now? Also the exact HP and Stamina? Still question marks of the rest of the stats and exact stress point values. Several more Observes on the other passengers confirmed it, before I ran low on mana. I’d have to collect data again, to see what the average stat values are for most people. One thing I could tell already though was that my physical stats still sucked pretty badly.

****​

It was around 7pm when I got back from the bus stop, I had stealthed my way up at first. My stamina was still recovering. Then I saw the Beckett’s, Julia, and a cop car out front. Julia was putting a suitcase into the Beckett’s Minivan. WTF?

“Observe, Observe, Observe…”

I completely ignored the Observe windows on the Beckett’s and the cop as I read over Julia’s presented me with my final confirmation.

    Name: Julia Catherine Mendez
    Level: 13
    Alias: None
    Gender: Female
    Age: 15
    Ethnicity: Hispanic, Spanish, French
    Race: Human (Parahuman)
    Class: Foster Kid / Delinquent
    Faction: None

    STR: 13 (+0.0) 13
    AGI: 18 (??) ??
    CON: 16 (??) ??
    INT: ?? (??) ??
    PER: ?? (??) ??
    WIS: ?? (??) ??
    CHA: 16 (??) ??
    LUC: ?? (??) ??

    Allure: 5.5
    Armor: 0.2
    Speed: ??
    Attack: ??
    Dodge: ??

    Health: 288/290
    Stamina: 340/340
    Stress: ??/??
    H/T/F: ...

    Summary Description:

    Born 9/24/1994, Julia is a 15 year old fellow survivor from the Galveston 2009 Leviathan attack in which she lost her family and home. A brief resident of the state foster care system, she has endured grief, hardship, and legal problems. She has a significant distrust of authority and a strong desire for independence. She has experienced great difficulty in adjusting to recent events and changes in her life. That same mistrust and stubbornness makes it hard for her to seek help. Counseling and recent confidence and understanding of her own abilities and mental state has begun to mitigate the trauma she has endured. After only brief stability, her life has been turned upside down once again due to being forced to move in with a distant relative she barely knows.

    ...

    She has straight, dark reddish brown hair with the hints of leftover red hair dye, brown eyes and light skin. She is 5’9” tall, and weighs around 180 lbs. She appears to be relatively fit and athletic. Although of mixed descent she considers herself Hispanic but is frequently mistaken for Caucasian due to her European ancestry.

    Her left lower leg bears electrical burn scars. Her left cheek is lightly scarred.

    Currently Feeling: Depressed, Reckless, Traumatized, Grieving, Very Stressed, Confused, Annoyed, Hopeful

    Known Status Effects:
    Mental: Depression, Adjustment Disorder, Post Traumatic Stress Disorder, Aqua-phobia, Very Stressed, Conflict Seeking
    Physical: Scarred, Tense.



And fuck me, is she leaving? Did I wait too long? Is something else going on?

“Record On”

“Simon! Where the hell have you been?” Mrs. Beckett shouted. “We called the cops because we thought you ran off. Get in the house now, you’re grounded.”

I ignored the screeching banshee and walked up to Julia. “Julia? What’s going on, are you leaving?”

“Yeah, I have to live with my Grandmother in New Hampshire. They sprang this on me today. I knew it was a possibility, but I didn’t know it would happen this soon. I thought I would have more choice in the matter.”

“I take it this is the child that you reported missing?” The cop said to Mrs. Beckett.

“Yes. Simon! Get inside the house now.”

“Fuck off Mrs. B. I am trying to talk to my friend.” As soon as I said it new notifications appeared.

“Richard!!” She yelled.

Don’t try, just be. “You know I am your friend right? Even if you don’t think of me the same way, I’ll treat you as such anyway. Though, I certainly hope...”

“Thanks, Simon. That means a lot to me. Yes, I do consider you a friend.”

Another mass of notifications counters just went up, but I didn’t have time to look at them. Was it that simple? Could I have just asked outright earlier and avoided all this?

“Do you have everything in hand here? Since the child isn’t missing I can be on my way, unless you need me stay a moment?” The cop spoke up again.

“Yes, wait here a moment more please.” Mrs. B responded.

“Simon, you need to get in the house, empty your pockets too, and turn your money over, you’re not running off to any stores again.” Mr. Beckett bellowed from the front door as he exited and began walking toward me.

Fuck, will I ever get any privacy? I pulled a wad of cash out real quick and handed some to Julia, then palmed the rest slipping it into my underwear. “It’s Julia money. I bought her phone from her, you know the one I said I needed to check repair shops for to get fixed, which is what I was doing today.” I whispered to Julia, “that’s all I can afford.”

Julia took it quickly and nodded. “Yes, that’s right he did.” More notifications fired off.

“Why is your face bruised kid?” The cop asked me. Because I smashed it into an elliptical machine less than an hour ago. I put on my best nervous face though and look between the cop and the Beckett’s., “I..uh…fell down some stairs officer.”

“Alright, Simon, right? I’ll want to ask you a few questions.”

“Julia we have to leave now, if we are going to make your flight.”

“Sure officer, just let me say goodbye to my friend first.”

I spread my good arm out in the gesture of a hug. Mr. Beckett and the cop were mere feet away from us. Mrs. Beckett was even closer hovering over us like a hawk. Julia was hesitant at first but then embraced me. I whispered into her ear. “I know about…” Julia pulled away before I could finish.

She quirked an eyebrow at me. “You know about what, Simon?” she said quietly.

I opened my mouth to speak, “You know, and so am…” She just put her index finger on the dimple of my upper lip, gave me a tiny static shock and said ‘Shhhh...’, like she was scolding me in a library. Then she climbed into the front seat of the minivan.

I stood there stunned for a moment. That wasn’t how I expected this to unfold. None of this was. Does that mean she knew I knew? Did she knew I was? I was still confused, and the chance to clear anything up right now was gone. I had to still keep in touch with her somehow. “You’re going to email me right? Since we don’t have phone numbers yet?”

“Yeah, sure.”

“You have all your stuff?”

“Yeah all packed..”

“All of your stuff?” I made a gun gesture with my hand.

Julia frowned. “No, can’t take it on the plane. Still locked up at the CPS office, probably won’t ever see it again.”

“Damn. I hope I’ll see you again sometime.”

“I do too Simon. Take care.”

From the sidewalk, I watched as Mrs. Beckett drove out of the driveway, down the street and turned out of sight. Julia’s Observe window was still up. I brought it back into view and looked it over as more notifications fired. Hopeful? Happy? Depression now says Mild Depression instead, and then it auto closed on me.

“So fell down the stairs huh? Is there anything going on you need to let me know about?” The cop asked me quietly. I saw Mr. Beckett standing on the porch watching us.

I quickly re-did my observe on the cop. He was calm, and nothing looked unusual. “Sorry, I just said that that to make them squirm and lay off a bit. You want to know if they have been abusive?” The cop, John Roman was his name, nodded at me. “We’ll they’ve been assholes lately, but they haven’t been abusive, not like that anyway, to anyone that I know of. Unless grounding me for things I didn’t do is a crime.”

“So how did you really get the bruise?”

“Fell off a treadmill at the gym while doing something stupid.”

“So you were at the gym and a phone repair store? They mentioned something about that.”

“Yeah.”

“Am I going to get called out here again?”

“Not because I ran off. I’m not stupid. I have little money and no place to stay. I’m not interested in sleeping on the streets. But because they don’t trust me to let me do some really simple things like go to a store on my own? Maybe, but if I wanted to be gone I wouldn’t have come back on my own.”

“I’ve walked this beat a while. This has been a group home for all that time. The Beckett’s have been here for a number of years and a lot of kids have come and gone, plenty with issues that have made them run. And some of those kids… well things didn’t turn out well after they ran. It’s just what they have experienced in the past, and take precautions about. Give them a chance.”

I shrugged. “Well that goes both ways, doesn’t feel like I have been given much of one.”

“Compared to some of the places you could be instead? I think you been given one hell of a chance. I get it though; try to stay out of trouble kid, okay?” John the cop got in his squad car and started the engine.

“Heh, No promises.” He smirked at me and drove off.

Mr. Beckett scowled at me arms crossed as I walked up to the house. “You have some explaining to do.”

“No I don’t actually, and arguing with you isn’t a productive use of my time. So, I’m gonna grab some dinner, then go to my room and do my homework. After all that was what you were gonna tell me to do anyway wasn’t it?”

“No, you’re going to empty your pockets so I can make sure you haven’t brought back anything you weren’t supposed to. You’re grounded; no TV, no music, no phones, no computer, and you make sure you are on the bus home after school.”

Of course he found nothing, but fucker did take Julia’s, now mine, broken phone and put it in the safe. He even made me turn down my waistband, but he wasn’t willing to search my underwear. “You know that doesn’t work yet right? I can’t actually use the thing until I get it fixed. And you better put it on my inventory sheet too. Having a working phone would certainly make it easier to keep you advised of where I might be now wouldn’t it?”

“Where you should be is in your room doing homework.”

“Yeah, I believe I said that already. Also, I’ll need to actually use the computer for homework from time to time.”

I stormed off into the boy’s room and slammed the door in cliché teenage fashion. “Record Off” I said as I sat at the desk and finally looked over all my accumulated notifications. Mr. Beckett brought me a plate of cold meatloaf and vegetables sometime later. I really did do homework and study the Earth science textbook until lights out. Then as I laid there in my nightly meditation practice, it truly hit me that my main reason for staying here and putting up with this crap was gone, on a plane, flying off to somewhere in New Hampshire. So what the hell was I going to do about it?

    Follow Your Multi-Trigger Mate.
    Multi-triggers should interact good or bad, and that means staying close. Leave this area behind and follow Julia to better leveling grounds.

    Time Limit: 3 months
    Success: 3000 XP, ???, Excitement! Progress!
    Failure: Dragging things out even further, increased annoyance from those whom have taken an interest in the currently pathetic story of your life.



What the fuck? That failure message doesn’t even make any sense. Sure fine, I am all for leaving this dump. I can’t just up and runaway though, not yet. I have to plan and prepare for this.

You have learned a new thing about yourself: You prefer meticulously planning things out and being organized.

That apparently also wasn’t my only new quest.

    Charisma ‘Skill’ Challenge.
    Make 10 friends. Currently achieved 1 of 10.

    Time Limit: 1 year
    Success: 500 XP, More friends, +1 CHA.
    Failure: Being a clingy loser to too few friends until they get annoyed and unfriend you.



I reached under my bed and stuck my hand into my backpack, touched Spider-bong and woke him up for the night.

“Sleep”

Your Stealth skill has increased by 1
You have gained the ‘Vehicle Enthusiast’ Observe specialty
Your Athletics skill has increased by 1
Your Drug & Poison Resistance skill has increased by 1
Your Language-Spanish skill has increased by 1
Your Gamer’s Body skill has increased by 1
For testing the limits of your endurance and vitality, you have gained 1 CON
-20 relationship with Andrea Beckett
Andrea Beckett has gone from stranger to annoyance
+20 relationship with Julia Mendez
Quest ‘Don’t be alone in this world’ has been completed. Gained +500 XP
For gaining your first friend your CHA has increased by 1
You have gained a level! You are now level 8.
Your Gamer’s Mind skill has increased by 1
Your Gamer’s Interface skill has increased by 1
Your Gamer’s Body skill has increased by 1
Quest ‘Help Julia recover from her trauma’ has been completed. Gained +250 XP
+10 relationship with Julia Mendez
You have gained the ‘Cognitive’ Empathy specialty.
+10 relationship with John Roman
John Roman has gone from stranger to acquaintance.
-15 relationship with Richard Beckett
Richard Beckett has gone from stranger to annoyance

Name: Simon Clarence Anderson
Gender: Male
Age: 15
Race: Parahuman
Class: Foster Kid / Deceptive Snit
Faction: None
Money: $49.71
Title: Vermin Stomper
Level: 8 (19.37%)
XP: 5175

Primary Attributes
STR: 7 (-0.50) 6.50 (60.56%)
AGI: 5 (-1.00) 4.00 (76.87%)
CON: 11 (-0.25) 10.75 (1.84%)
INT: 20 (-0.70) 19.30 (66.74%)
PER: 11 (0.00) 11.00 (38.43%)
WIS: 20 (-0.70) 19.30 (73.58%)
CHA: 12 (-0.14) 11.86 (18.34%)
LUC: 10 (0.00) 10.00 (20.96%)
Unspent Points: 19

Secondary Attributes
Health Pool: 220/222
Stamina Pool: 190/190
Mana Pool: 491/2000
Stress Pool: 271/400

Attack: 6.25
Speed: 2.63
Dodge: 8.76
Armor: 0.20
Carry: 65.00
Allure: 2.50

Skills
Max Slots: 38
Free Skill Slots: 10
Artistry: 5 (46.76%)
Athletics: 3 (17.64%)
Basic Academics: 9 (2.34%)
Computers: 6 (10.44%)
Crafting (Stone & Pottery): 5 (56.63%)
Create Mana Golem: 3 (66.46%)
Disease Resistance: 4 (0.86%)
Drug & Poison Resistance: 6 (76.96%)
Empathy: 4 (0.00%)
Firearms: 1 (0.00%)
Gamer’s Body: 12 (25.54%)
Gamer’s Interface: 21 (26.89%)
Gamer’s Mind: 18 (20.56%)
Language-English: MAX (0.00%)
Language-Spanish: 3 (0.00%)
Lockpicking: 7 (44.57%)
Mathematics: 1 (0.00%)
Meditation: 8 (28.01%)
Null Resistance: 3 (13.69%)
Observe: 10 (6.97%)
Parahuman Lore: 6 (2.45%)
Programming: 2 (67.45%)
Psychology: 4 (33.56%)
Speech: 5 (0.00%)
Stealth: 2 (22.07%)
Strategy: 1 (0.00%)
Vehicle Operations: 3 (0.00%)
Video Games: 26 (5.87%)
Unspent Skill Points: 9

Perks
Free Perk Slots: 0
Gaia's Blessing: Mana Pool and Mana Skill access
Gaia's Attunement: Elemental Affinity access
Light Sleeper: Need only 5 hours to get fully rested
Mana Reserve: Bonus MP per level increased by 25%

Flaws
Selective Amnesia: We had to make room for stuff in your head
A Bit of a Troll: Sometimes you just can't help yourself
Unnatural Curiosity: Can't always resist the urge to find stuff out

Cheaty Powers
Invisible Light Source: White on White Interface Theme
Language Comprehension: Multi-lingual subtitles
Limited Remote Viewing: Free & Third Person Camera Modes
Limited Microscopic View: Free Camera Zoom In
Distracting Sound: Profanity filter
See in Darkness: Contrast, Brightness & Gamma Correction
Super Hearing: Selective volume controls
Audio Filtering: Selective channel muting
Sound Protection: Built in decibel control
Personal Jukebox: Broadcast Music library
FRAPS: Record and playback from Camera POV
