Tuesday, January 19th, 2010

I stopped the playback of Chupa… Leviathan, my crutch of a word had lost its necessity, on my FRAPs feed, and shut off the shower. It just wasn’t working anymore. Gamer’s Mind got stuck at 95% of the way to the next level yesterday and wasn’t going to budge, not using this anyway. My Mind whammies weren’t whammy anymore. Not even Psych was keeping up. So if it isn’t working, no need to keep doing it.

Stealth was still going up at least. I slinked around the house at 5:30 in the morning, not long before others would start getting up. I was at a pivotal moment waiting for level 5 to hit. How did this Stealth skill actually work anyway? Was it a stranger power or me just becoming really good at the mundane version? Well I doubt I am really good at it yet, just thinking of the potential. Did it physically make me cause less noise? Or did it make me move or step in a way that minimized it? Did it influence other people somehow to not pay attention? That was how a lot of sites described how Stranger powers worked. Or did it help me subconsciously choose my movements or my passing to be timed to when no one was looking or paying attention to begin with? It hasn’t made me actually feel like I was doing anything different besides being purposely observant to who was around, what the lighting was, or what the ground surface was like. Wouldn’t someone trying to be sneaky be paying attention to that anyway?

Your Stealth skill has increased by 1
You have unlocked the ‘Detecting Eye’ feature for Stealth

Oh, here we go. Weird that sitting on the computer in an unlit room with speakers off, trying to type quietly would still trigger gains. What is Detecting Eye? It must be that new closed eyeball thing on my interface. Skills list says it ‘shows who is actively noticing me, by number and intensity’. It barely peeked open like a sleepy wink, as I heard the water running in the girl’s bathroom, count still said zero. I’ll use Parapedia on it later. At least Gamer’s Interface is finally raising again, new feature to explore and all.

Yep Eyeball was fully open while I was eating breakfast downstairs with the other kids. It gave a count of everyone in the room, including those I could not see. Number even went down, and when I paid attention, I could hear that someone had gone back upstairs.

****​

That pretty much stayed persistent at school too. It only took 1 person out of many looking right at me to make it go fully open. Otherwise it was in various states of being partially closed based on the level of attention. Although paying attention to me in particular was a misnomer, as it was more about how likely it was I’d be seen. When it was in fact me in particular someone was looking at, well that just turned my stealth mode right off, and it did that even before I got this feature.

Your Gamer’s Interface skill has increased by 1

Finally, that was another one I was waiting for. I went back to drawing my Golem designs in Art. That will probably be the next gain. Spider-Bong was, well he was crappy, a quick creation to get that quest complete. I should make some more functional, and not so obvious it's a clay thing at first glance. Maybe a mouse, or a even a large dog for heavier ones? Of course a clay/stone dog can only be disguised so much up close. Hmm, maybe I could glue fur on it? Heck make something big enough, maybe I could ride it. After being a cape, after.

****​

You have gained the ‘Drawing’ specialty for Artistry

Finally, English class was so boring. I could finally stop doodling and think about a different art specialty. At least I could get something done between Artistry and Meditation.

“Simon, are you paying attention?” Mrs. Apelbaum asked angrily again. I broke my meditation, and opened my eyes at her

“Yes” I said as I made several gestures, rewinding FRAPs. I normally didn’t use it, because it ate up too much MP combined with having Spider-Bong awake, but for this bullshit it was needed.

“Then maybe you can tell me the significance of the chapter we just discussed?”

I pretended to think as I watched the playback. Oh that nonsense. “You mean the turtle chapter?”

“Yes”.

“Well I think it was intended to make English class students fall asleep, because that seems to be the best affect that it has.” The class chuckled.

“Very funny” the teacher was not amused. “Can you give a serious answer?”

“Yes, it purposefully highlights the absolute hopelessness and pointlessness of the great depression and the Joad family’s journey. Either that or Steinbeck was a massive troll, who made a bet with his publisher that he could put a meta chapter of hundreds of word in when he could have just said ‘The turtle tried to cross the road, but it was hard’ instead. Kinda like the entire book you know. The Joad family tried to cross the country, it was hard, and then they died… probably… because he didn't actually tell us. Like almost as pointless as trying to get ninth graders to actually want to read the Grapes of Wrath.” More chuckles rippled through the class room.

You’d think she would have learned to stop asking me questions by now. I thought she would have given me another annoyed look, but her eyes gave me a sorrowed look of pity instead.

“I had hoped you of all might find resonance and parallels to the characters more than most.”

Eh? Why should I?

“Alright class, let’s consider some of Ma Joad’s words at the end. ‘Used’ta be fambly was fust, It ain’t so now. It’s anybody. Worse off we get, the more we got to do.’ What parallels can you make of the Joad’s situation and the events, feelings, and attitudes of society now in the wake of escalating...”

I tuned her out and went back to meditating.

****​

“Good afternoon, lovely ladies.” I said as I sat down next some of the girls from my English class during lunch. Melissa was among them so it at least had been giving me an excuse to sit near someone I knew. Sandy, the coincidentally tall sandy-haired cheerleader, suppressed a snort; Tanya, the dark-skinned math-lete rolled her eyes, Zoey, looked at me in surprise through heavy black eye-lined eyes behind black-rimmed glasses. Melissa just arched an eye-brow at me, and brushed some brown bangs out of her face. The Jock, the Nerd, the Goth and the Normal, that makes me the dude?

“Our fifth wheel has arrived.” Tanya said with an exaggerated huff.

“Aw, don’t be like, like that. Your pleasant banter is far more entertaining than Mrs. Apple-bum’s preaching.”

“It’s not Apple-Bum, her name is Apelbaum” Sandy corrected me.

“Yes, she is definitely not an Apple-bum, more like a cottage cheese bum.” I retorted. I earned a confused look from Sandy, and a suppressed chuckle from Zoey. Even Melissa failed to hide a smirk.

“Uh-huh, what about our banter could possibly be so entertaining?” Zoey asked.

A brief pauses for timing, I responded as Sandy was taking a drink. “Oh, I simply enjoy the back and forth of your stimulating wits.”

Sandy partially spit up her drink, Zoey laughed, and Tanya asked “What did you just say?”

“I find all your wits appealing.” Sandy punched me in the arm. “Hey, only over-protective jealous boyfriends are supposed to do that!”

“You did that on purpose, you’re just trolling.” Melissa said.

“What, me? Never.”

“You’re a regular comedian; you should join the Drama club.” Tanya said.

Hmm, something like that could help me practice speech and CHA. “Alas, my after school activities are restricted. I am grounded, for it seems I am a dangerous individual who should be limited in their interactions with others and the world.”

“Well at least part of that statement is true.” Sandy intoned.

“No really, danger is my middle name; I have the injuries to prove it.” I said as I waggled my broken arm.

“Ha, that is so cliché; do you really think any of those stupid lines work?” Tanya laughed showing off a pretty mouth despite it being filled with braces before quickly hiding them behind closed lips.

“For what I actually intended, yes. It made you laugh and smile. You have a beautiful smile, and seeing it brightens my day.”

“What, really?” Tanya blushed, score.

+5 relationship with Tanya Mitchell

“His middle name is actually Clarence.” Melissa said out of the blue. The girls all giggled.

“What? Mel, you wound me. Now, don’t go revealing all of my secrets.” I replied with mock indignation.

“Yeah, how did you really break your arm?” Zoey asked.

I shrugged noncommittally. “Oh, just maybe sorta fighting and running from Leviathan.” I said quietly. The table went silent.

“Jeez, are you serious?” Sandy whispered.

“Maybe less fighting and more running.” They continued to stare at me blankly. “Okay maybe no fighting, and all running, but yeah.”

“Wow, I knew there were a lot of transfers in, but the teachers told us all not to ask or pry.” Tanya said. “Are you okay?”

“I’m coping, humor helps… Sometimes.”

I may have put a damper on the conversation so wanted to turn it around. “So do y’all think any of the wards go to school here?” I had used Observe on them all in the past, so I knew none of them were, but I certainly had not used Observe on the entire student body yet.

“We’re not supposed to speculate about that.” Sandy said.

“Meh… Speculation’s fun.”

****​

“Alright I need to go to the grocery store.” Mrs. Beckett announced after we had all gotten home from class. “I need some of you to..,”

“I’ll go” I said, getting up from studying more of my biology textbook. It was a chance to Observe the produce section. Problem was though that my mana was on the low end from having Spider-Bong awake so long. I put him to sleep and got loaded up in the car. A house of twelve, well, eleven now, people, nine of them teenagers can clear out a fridge and freezer in days. Mrs. Beckett usually went twice a week.

…Observe. Observe. Observe. Oh what the heck? Cabbage, broccoli, cauliflower, kale, Brussels sprouts, collard greens, savoy, and Kholrabi are the same species? Brassica oleracea, it doesn’t matter, I was still getting good gains. What is a cultivar? Hmm, I guess Observe considers uniqueness (for plants) not solely by species like I had thought, but by cultivar, so they all counted. Hope this means distinct animal breeds will be counted as unique as well, if I ever decide to pursue another Observe specialty. Oh, a flower refrigerator thing…

Well that was a nice boost toward the Observe plants specialty, wonder why my power will call it? I’m still rather short of the goal though.

Once we got home, it was another round of piddling XP for homework and chores, and continuously working my way through those textbook quests, biding my time. My nightly couple hours of mediation though finally got me a milestone gain.

Your Meditation skill has increased by 1
You have unlocked the ‘Healthy Mind, Healthy Body’ feature for Meditation

No Parapedia though for me to get a more in-depth explanation of what that meant. Not yet anyway, stupid plants.

****​

Wednesday, January 20th, 2010

The next morning I still wasn’t getting gains in Stealth despite trying so I decided to stop neglecting my Computers skill. It was still problematic though, researching a subject online did not gain skill in Computers but instead in the subject. Well duh, so long as the source wasn’t garbage. I knew I wasn’t going to get a new specialty in Computers next level anyway because the smartphone stuff has spilled over from the last level up. Since I’m a cheater-cheater, pumpkin eater, I just researched computers on the computer; smartphones more to the point, even though I had a specialty in them already. I’m not sure why it didn’t break it up into hardware vs. software like it did for the PC specialties. I still had to repair mine, and was planning on letting them do it, but maybe I really could do it myself? I’d just have to learn how.

****​

I was in another session with the psychologist, getting my frustrations off my mind. “School was boring as fuck today.” I said. Mr. Archer just nodded and let me rant a bit. One cool thing about him is that he didn’t care one whit about whether or not I swore. He said it has its uses, and I was certainly finding them. He even told me to look up George Carlin’s Seven Dirty Words skit at a prior session.

"I’m feeling trapped and bored. Even flirting with girls at school is feeling a bit empty sometimes. At least we have been doing something different in PE; we’ve had a lazy sub all week that is just letting us play dodge ball.” Of course I couldn’t say that I was at least getting my standard gains, and I hoped I would get an AGI point from all the ‘dodging’. My athletics specialty pursuit already got fucked up earlier.

“I have goals, mostly to try and improve myself and just plain figure out what kinds of things I like or am good at, but I am stifled because I don’t actually have the freedom to pursue them in the manner that I want to.” Left unsaid is the questing, numerical, power related nature of those improvements. “Yet at the same time, it freaks me out a bit some times. It’s hard to explain, I don’t know what I like because I don’t remember my prior life save for a few niche areas.”

“Well,” Mr. Archer spoke up breaking his usual silence. “You are more of a unique case for sure. You’re a Tabula Rasa.”

“A what?”

“Tabula Rasa is Latin for ‘blank slate’. Most kids your age are in fact trying to find their own identity and sense of self in the world, what they like, what they want to do when they grow up and all that. But even as young as teenagers are, you all still have a host of prior memories and experiences to draw from that will shape the direction they take.”

“Except me.”

“Yes except you. But, in a way it gives you a lot more freedom to shape your own identity than others. You need not view that as a disadvantage.”

“But memories define us. I can’t help but wonder, how would suddenly regaining mine change who I am now or might become?” And it goes further than that. I can’t ask what I really wonder about. How do gains to my INT, WIS, and CHA affect me as a person? How have they or will they change my personality or my view of the world? If I could not cheat and rest with the click of a button, this nagging thought would probably keep me up all night. “One day what if my memories or my personality from before, comes out, and I don’t like it or worse I don’t notice it, and the new me gets overwritten. What if the friends or relationships I’ve made since aren’t compatible with that?”

Though all the while I am thinking what if having really high mental stats suddenly changes my worldview or Gamer’s Mind even? In my rush to max it out will it just make me less human? I think it has already been doing it’s thing, because a normal person would probably be a lot more freaked out about these ideas. Though I did not even know what the averages are, my mental stats or charisma might not even be high, or below average even. I do know that prior to bumping my INT and WIS I had not even thought about these kinds of questions. It is an existential crisis that Gamer’s Mind isn’t even letting me panic or stress over much.

“Well those are things that you can’t control, focus on what you can. Whether or not you want to pursue regaining your memories is though, but it is unlikely to be something you can force. Regaining old ones won’t take your new ones away…”

Except that there are plenty of powers out there that can fuck with memories. My power already fucked with mine. I could just as well say my old ones should not have gone away yet they did. Mr. Archer droned on a bit, giving me reassurances, and I responded in kind. That was part of his job after all, no need to be mad at that. Or was that Gamer’s Mind doing its thing again? He did have a point, several actually, I kept it carefully phrased through the lens of dealing with my amnesia rather than my powers, but the parallels I presented were purposeful.

If I did in deed remember who I was before, I would probably be a lot more worried about how those mental and social stats and skills directly affected my identity and personality, my entire sense of self. Yet, what surely must not be so coincidental, for all effective purposes, I did not have an identity or personality prior to gaining my powers. It was taken from me sure, but in the taking it also removed the very thing I was attempting, and seemingly failing, at getting worked up about. I was indeed a Tabula Rasa, I could forge whatever identity I wanted for myself.

Psychology of course had a lot to say about identity, so did Mr. Archer. There was Id, ego, super-ego, all the old school definition and thoughts, and all the newer modern views on it. I used FRAPS on it all so I could review the resources Mr. Archer pointed out to me, yet also had to put it aside, for the PTSD/exposure therapy sessions, which sadly no longer gave me gains in Gamer’s Mind. At least the videos and such in a comfortable safe setting weren’t working anymore. I’d have to step it up a notch, or break down and just spend points to max the skill out.

You have gained the ‘Exposure Therapy’ specialty for Psychology

At least I still made progress in Psychology and Empathy, and such but even these session were getting diminishing results, though not before I snagged my new Psychology specialty. I was glad for that because there would be few sessions left before the restrictions of the house got more unbearable.

****​

Thursday, January 21st, 2010

Your Language-Spanish skill has increased by 1

Level 4 now, that is a hell of a lot more rapid gains than my other skills Maybe I really did know Spanish in my previous life. Why do languages only have 5 levels? You’d think mastering a language would require a lot more levels of competency than that. Poor, no lazy game design. Seems both speaking and listening won’t get me gains anymore, that just leaves reading and writing for the last level. Still have the textbook, but Spanish I is a bit sparse on lengthy passages.

“Tu pelo es tan negro como el cielo nocturno, tus ojos son estrellas azules, tus labios son pétalos de rosa. tu piel es bronce ...”

“Simon, if you’re actually trying to flirt with me, stop it.” Rachel nearly snorted.

“What? Teacher said we needed to use colors and body parts in sentences.”

“Just want to make sure you understand, you’re not my type. That and I am older and a year ahead of you anyway. I already watched you crash and burn a couple times. Besides, I thought you liked Julia.”

“Julia’s not here.”

“Still no emails?”

“Nope.” I sighed. “So, I’m not your type. What is? If you don’t mind me asking; beefy chiseled jaw dudes striking heroic poses?”

Rachel suppressed a laugh. “Haha, no that’s just about as far to the opposite as you could get. Besides nobodies types are that simple. Except maybe yours, I’d guess female and has a pulse given some of your antics lately.”

“Touché, hmm. I actually haven’t given that as much though as I should.” I suppose it was one of those things I ought to know already if not for the whole blank slate thing. What did I like? Who had I been more genuine with in flirty banter than others, who more hopeful of?

You have learned a new thing about yourself: You’re attracted to tall, athletic women with grand stimulating wits.

“Um, tall, athletic girls with big br…ains.”

“Well, at least you’re honest with yourself. Also, that describes Julia.”

The bell rang. “See you in Geometry”

****​

“…I don’t want to do more drawing though, I’ve done a lot already. Why can’t I try pottery or any other medium?” I didn’t want to blow the chance for another specialty in Artistry by doing the same thing again.

“Most of the clay was used up for projects last semester.”

“It’s clay it can’t be that hard to find more. What if I brought my own?” How though would I do that unless I could go buy some or dig some up somewhere, while not being grounded or whatever.

“You were still going to present more sketches.”

“Oh well that’s already done.” I dug out the pages of doodles I had been doing in all my boring classes and handed them to the art teacher.

“And what then, will you be doing today?”

“Learning about pottery or sculpture or something else?”

“Fine.” The teacher said, left then came back with a few pottery books. “Read those, come up with a project plan, and if you bring your own clay you can try it.

Reading through the books I noticed my Craft skill rising a bit, but Artistry itself was not. I suppose that makes sense, I should probably actually be doing something artistic for gain in it.

****​

“…It’s because you didn’t get it Simon.” Melissa said. We were arguing about the meaning of the Steinbeck’s boring book. The class had been going on about it for a while. It was a ‘read over the winter break’ assignment. For obvious reasons I never had such an assignment, so I got out of a lot material, but Mrs. Apelbaum wanted to me to understand it anyway.

“But it just like ends abruptly without resolution, and it’s a depressing book, the cliff notes told me that much.”

“Yeah, that’s the point. The great depression was shitty, they lost their way, their families, their livelihood, ‘It’s not about just family first, now its everybody.’ They stepped beyond themselves, then beyond their family into the greater community of humanity. That’s what she wants us to think about. The world is crap, between Endbringers, villains out numbering heroes, entire countries or economies collapsing. The news said in a few years, at the current rate of attacks, we’d see our current economic depression rival or surpass the Great Depression handily. She wants us to think beyond ourselves, beyond our immediate friends and families, to the greater community of human society. How do we save it? Just like the Joad’s tried to think about how to save everybody’s cars, their stuff, and simply the people they were traveling with.”

“That’s assuming anything is savable.” I said. My mind was still partly elsewhere, having converted my interface text to Spanish in an attempt to get more crap to read and attempt to grind Spanish and Gamer’s Interface more. I still considered English class a waste of my time.

“That’s a pessimistic view. Shouldn’t we at least try?”

“Well that’s what the heroes are supposed to be doing, right? You’d make a good Hero Mel.”

“Well, I don’t have any powers.”

“Me either.” I quickly countered, “Unless my dashing wit and charming smiles count, you all can be in my fan club. I’ll sign your shirts.” That got some muted chuckles form the lunch table.

“Simon’s right though” Tanya said. “The book is really boring, and Mrs. Apelbaum is like trying too hard to be all meta sometimes.

The lunch bell range and we had to go back to the boring English class. I scrolled through the Spanish translation of all my active quests. I looked over the Endbringer one. It was still under the pending tab, I’d never actually accepted it, and it had not auto accepted. This had to have just been my power trolling me like usual, right? Endbringers couldn’t be killed, could they? If they could would you try? Would I try? It implies I could contribute, how? In what possible way could that ever be a thing? Should I take this quest seriously at all? I left it alone, leaving it in the pending column unanswered. I sure as hell couldn’t do it as I am now, that’s for sure.

****​

If not for chatting and joke flirting with Rachel, Geometry would be boring, I was tempted to relegate it into useless class but it wasn’t, not entirely. My mathematics skill would go up, but as I already discovered, it would go up with just about any math problem of a certain complexity. As another entirely passive skill, it was hard to strategize specialties for it. This level was already ruined. Not even sure what other types to pursue, algebra, trigonometry, calculus? Those (except algebra, or at least 8th grade algebra) were all more advanced math subjects. Could I still cheat there? I should at least try, at some point, since I frickin’ spent a skill slot on this. I was hoping it would help me game the numbers, maybe even reveal some of the formulas behind how this whole thing works. Maybe I’ll stop doing work at my next level, so I can try to force some other specialty.

Last class of the day though, more semi-mediation on the bus ride home. More piddling XP for doing homework once there, more slogging through the textbook quests. Even though I had plenty of time to complete them yet, I wanted the XP gains sooner rather than later. Assuming the same XP drops for mundane assignments and chores tomorrow I’d still be short of leveling up after Friday.

I watched as Create Mana Golem ticked up from level 4. 99.99% to finally, hitting level 5.

Your Create Mana Golem skill has increased by 1
You have unlocked the ‘Reinforced’ feature for Create Mana Golem

A new feature as expected, but again no Parapedia to get more details. I sub-vocalized “Skills”, and nothing happened. Oh right. “Habilidades”. Now what does Reinforced do? Little info there. “Estado, Spider-Bong” Names apparently did not translate. It had a new field called ‘Reinforcement Level: None’. Hmm, nothing else to go by. Also crap, Create Mana Golem stopped going up even though Spider-Bong is awake. Or is it just super slow now? I’ll keep him awake till tomorrow morning just to be sure.

Friday, January 22nd, 2010

It was the end of the week and of my second week in school. I still had no emails from Julia, despite checking multiple times a day. I had not sent a second email yet either, probably be too soon. I would after I got the phone repaired and a phone number.

Despite at least 8 hours of trying, 5 of which were while I was sleeping, Create Mana Golem skill did not rise at all, so I turned him off this morning. FRAPS and attempts at Observing more plants was all I would get to spend stuff on today.

It seems I had some notifications appear while I was sleeping too.

Your Disease Resistance skill has increased by 1
You have unlocked the ‘Genetic Too’ feature for Disease Resistance.

Eh? Well that explains why I felt like crap. My head cold which had been simmering for days, felt way worse. I tripled my dose my pain meds to numb me and grind more Drug Resistance as well. Four pills left though, was supposed to last me into February. A quick review of “Habilidades” and, oh. Huh, I’m now resistant or immune to genetic diseases also or just at the same level of resistance I have to the other crap Disease Resistance specifies? How does that even work? Did my DNA get altered? My head was too stuffed up to get all philosophical right now.

I considered asking to not go in to school, but they probably wouldn’t let me, and I kinda wanted to go anyway. I was nearly at the next level in Speech, which should tell me if the flirting experiment worked or not. I can’t gain in that if I stay at home.

After moderate gains in researching computers on the computer it was time to go. I skipped doing my usual Meditation on the bus so I could use Observe on every damn plant I could see out the window during the ride. This shit needed to over and done with, and I was failing to get gains more than 50% of the time. Goddamn mono-culture landscapes. Also, picking plants in the middle of winter was pretty stupid. Fuck doing animals later, not unless I plan a trip to the zoo.

****​

In Biology class, I actually paid attention; we worked through a book section and it helped me get through the textbook quest. In History, I didn’t. Instead I flirted, and read my Spanish interface for agonizingly minuscule gains in Gamer’s Interface and only slightly better ones in Spanish. At some point during that I gained a level in Drug Resist and the numb haze I was in from the pills this morning wore off.

Health, another class I actually paid attention to, because it progressed a skill and had a textbook quest. We ironically went over the dangers of drugs and smoking. Then the lunch bell rang and I followed some of the upper classmen to sneak off campus because I overhead them talking about taking a smoke break.

“Hello, lovely ladies.” I said, though I was still a bit away.

They startled a bit. “Oh, it’s just a freshman, where’s a can of raid when you need one?” Lisa responded.

“Hey, you know I only want you for…your cigarettes. Nicotine is a natural pesticide you know?”

“Ha, never heard someone try to use stupid trivia as a pick-up line.” Sara said.

“Hey, I try things, I shoot stuff out, sometimes it sticks, quantity has a quality all its own.”

“Oh my God” Lisa laughed, choking on her drag. “That was soooo... awful, did you even realize how bad that was?”

Well yeah, that was pretty bad, might as well own it. “Yes, I did, which is why it wasn’t serious and you didn’t take it that way right? Really I just wanted to bum some cigarettes off you.”

I felt a hand grab me by the shirt collar and I got slammed into the brick of the building we were hiding behind. A quick glance showed a sliver of missing HP.

“This little cum-stain bothering you Lisa?” Jealous, senior, jock, asshole boyfriend asked. Yes he had a name; it was there in his overhead tag. But his class name of ‘Asshole’ was a lot more telling.

“No, and I doubt these intelligent capable people need your intervention.” I spat out.

“I wasn’t asking you, pipsqueak.”

“Pipsqueak, really what is this, the 50’s?” I retorted. Sara sniggered.

“Calm down Jason, he was just trying to bum some smokes.” Lisa actually came to my defense.

“Stay the hell away from my girl. Got it?” Asshole said.

“Your girl? Isn’t that kinda possessive and creepy.” Asshole just lifted me up enough to slam me back into the wall again, then dropped me.

You have gained the ‘Romance’ specialty for Speech
You have made a good First impression, +11 relationship with Lisa Holmes
Lisa Holmes has gone from stranger to acquaintance.
You have made a good first impression +9 relationship with Sara Standford
-11 relationship with Jason Singleton
Jason Singleton has gone from stranger to annoyance.

“Come on, let’s go.” Asshole said to Lisa entirely too much like a command, and they walked off.

“That was brave, a little sweet, but also pretty stupid.” Sara said.

“I didn’t know I was going to get accosted by Biff Tannen.” I stood up and brushed myself off. “Don’t suppose you’re still willing to bum a few cigarettes to me are you?”

“In exchange for what?” Sara asked.

“My heartfelt thanks?”

“Yeah, no…”

“How about next week’s Health homework? I finished mine already I’ve got it in my backpack. I can just do it over again this weekend. Give it to you for half-a-pack.”

“How do I know it’s any good?”

“Got a 100 on the prior assignment, See for yourself.” I said as I pulled them out of my backpack.

“2 cigarettes.”

“6”

“Sara are you coming?” I heard Lisa yell from where they had walked off to.

“4” Sara countered.

“Deal” I said as I exchanged my homework for the cancer sticks. I wanted at least a few extra to share with Rachel, that ought to get me a few more relationship points. “I hope Lisa realizes that she deserves better than that asshole.”

“Yeah, I keep telling her that.”

“And you’re her friend? Good. Keep telling her that.”

+3 relationship with Sara Stanford
Sara Stanford has gone from stranger to acquaintance

“Come on Sara!” Asshole yelled then revved his trans-am engine.

“See ya round, don’t want to keep asshole waiting now.” I said as Sara departed.

I abused my volume controls to listen to them as Sara walked off.

“You didn’t actually give your number or anything to that dweeb did you?” I heard Lisa ask from asshole’s car as she got in.

“No, course not. But I got next week’s health homework.”

The rest of the conversation was lost in the sound of asshole squealing his tires out of the parking lot. I skipped the rest of lunch, and wandered around an empty overgrown field next to the school spamming Observe while I smoked and went through my notifications and skills. Good Drug resist was still going up with cigarettes, unless that was leftover gains from the pain pills this morning. I couldn’t really tell which was which. I did get a couple stress point gains from the cancer stick though. Hmm ‘Romance’; wasn’t explicitly flirting, but it certainly covered it. The experiment was a success. Maybe I could barter more often; it could be the next thing to aim for.

I considered just skipping PE, but it was an easy class that I got gains in. Plus it would probably get back to the Beckett’s. I didn’t want to fuck things up while they still had my phone in the safe. I should definitely start skipping lunch though; maybe I could sell or trade my lunch vouchers. Cafeteria food was crap anyway. Now that I got my ‘romance’ specialty over and done with, flirting during lunch wasn’t important anymore. Even if all I did was walk out here and Observe all the weeds on the empty lot that would be more productive, especially since sneaking off campus actually managed to finally give me some gains in Stealth again. So what is the difference here as compared to before? The fact there was actual consequences for getting caught? Hmm, that could get difficult.

****​

I stopped dodging as soon as the notification appeared, and immediately got hit with two the big red rubber balls and called out.

For practicing your whole-body reflexes you have gained 1 AGI

Well that’s awesome. I thought I had hit the next level in Athletics, and wanted to stop to not ruin another specialty attempt. Athletics was actually only a few points away. I continued playing dodge ball until I managed to get that last little bit and then immediately stopped, getting tagged out again.

Your Athletics skill has increased by 1
You have unlocked the ‘Don’t Break a Sweat’ feature for the Athletics skill

So dodge ball was actually useful, if we could play it more often. It was also useful in that I could just stand around doing nothing if I wanted to stop gaining my passive Athletics, while simply ‘failing’ to catch any balls with which to try and hit the dodgers. Of course I was pretty damn sure there would not be any more dodge ball next week when Coach got back.

Another week of school was finally over, maybe I could snag a few more Observes on the bus ride home.

****​

I had finished off my homework, and the homework I had traded away. Rachel followed me into the back yard and around into the alleyway.

“So why do you want to talk to me out here Simon? You’re not gonna try to flirt with me again are you? I told you aren’t my type.”

I waggled my eyebrows in an exaggerated manner. “Not worried the other kids will think we are having a secret lover’s rendezvous are you?”

“Be serious, Simon.”

“Serious isn’t much fun.” I said as I pulled the cigarettes out of where I was hiding them, and offered one to her.

“Oh thank god, I’ve been cravin’ bad for a while.” Rachel said as she took them. I lit them up with a lighter I stole from the kitchen pantry.

+6 relationship with Rachel Zamora

“Hey what are friends for?” I said as I took my drag. “We are friends right? Isn’t that what you told me before, don’t try just be?”

+15 relationship with Rachel Zamora

“Hmm, maybe I am warming up to it.” she said. She was at an 83 now, so yeah that was pretty close. “I just don’t want you to get the wrong ideas.”

“So you have said. You are a very guarded person, you know? I get it though, you don’t want to date. Not that I have actually asked if you haven’t noticed, and not that I would turn it down either if you were the one to ask. But it’s okay. So you’re not interested. Sometimes I want to ask why, but might not like the answer. Then again we both went through hell not long ago, so the answer should be damn obvious anyway.”

Your Empathy skill has increased by 1
You have unlocked the ‘Vibes’ feature for Empathy

“Yeah, that’s the majority of it.”

“But not all of it...” Rachel started to speak again but I interrupted. “No, shush. I’m not prying, tell me, whatever, only if you feel like it, at your own pace.”

+2 relationship with Rachel Zamora

“There is a memorial vigil in Houston this weekend for Galveston, beachside, in sight of what’s left of the island. It’s officially condemned now by the governor. Recovery efforts have been suspended.”

“Damn. You haven’t heard more about your family have you?” Rachel just frowned and shook her head silently. “Do you want to go?”

She shrugged and finished off her cigarette. I offered her a second, the last one of the four.

“Well I’d like to go." I said, "We can double team the Beckett’s if they aren’t willing, triple if Janet wants to.”

“I’ll ask her.”

“Shit, they’re looking for us.” I said as my ramped up volume detected the back door getting opened and someone walking out.

“I didn’t hear.”

“Trust me” I said as Rachel stamped out her cigarette, and we slipped back into the backyard crept along and stepped around the corner of the shed.

Mrs. Beckett was there to see us. “What have ya’ll been doing? Dinner’s ready.”

“Looking for clay. I have a pottery art project coming up, and you won’t let me go to a store and buy some.” I showed her my dirty hands which I had gotten that way on purpose.

She looked at me skeptically. “Go wash your hands.”

****​

I sat in the bathroom letting the shower run. I had a towel stuffed by the crack under the door because I was being paranoid. I needed to figure out how to get gains in Create Mana Golem again, that wasn’t probably just building another one with clay I still didn’t have. Sleeping would over fill my MP max and Observe plus FRAPs all day still wouldn’t be enough to eliminate wastage.

I woke Spider-Bong back up and told him to follow me, and paced back and forth across the floor. Good, it was tiny gains but there were gains. Did it just need to be executing an order rather than sitting there doing nothing? I order him to follow the sink and he moved to and then stood there. I order him to follow the toilet; he moved to it and then stood there. I made him guard the sink and follow the toilet. A message told me was apparently incompatible orders due to being different targets and the last order took precedence. I told him to guard the sink and follow the sink. Aha, faster skill gain. Of course what would happen if someone used the sink? I did so, and Spider-Bong attacked my foot. Really? Talk about dumb and biting the masters hand. I told it to stop.

I told Spider-Bong to follow itself and guard itself, and it stood perfectly still. Yet, gains, exploit for the win. I wish I had realized this earlier though; I could have progressed a lot faster. Only danger now might be someone picking him up, Yep, as soon as I did so he attacked my hand and I ordered it to stop. It’s worth the risk of restarting gains again. I doubt anyone is going to mess with it, so I can go back to having it awake again to train my skill up while I’m sleeping.

Your Stealth skill has increased by 1
You have unlocked the ‘Detecting Eye’ feature for Stealth
Your Gamer’s Interface skill has increased by 1
You have gained the ‘Drawing’ specialty for Artistry
Your Meditation skill has increased by 1
You have unlocked the ‘Healthy Mind, Healthy Body’ feature for Meditation
You have gained the ‘Exposure Therapy’ specialty for Psychology
Your Language-Spanish skill has increased by 1
Your Create Mana Golem skill has increased by 1
You have unlocked the ‘Reinforced’ feature for Create Mana Golem
Your Disease Resistance skill has increased by 1
You have unlocked the ‘Genetic Too’ feature for Disease Resistance.
You have gained the ‘Romance’ specialty for Speech
For practicing your whole-body reflexes you have gained 1 AGI
Your Athletics skill has increased by 1
You have unlocked the ‘Don’t Break a Sweat’ feature for the Athletics skill
Your Empathy skill has increased by 1
You have unlocked the ‘Vibes’ feature for Empathy


Name: Simon Clarence Anderson
Gender: Male
Age: 15
Race: Parahuman
Class: Foster Kid / Deceptive Snit
Faction: None
Money: $49.71
Title: Vermin Stomper
Level: 8 (98.44%)
XP: 6375

Primary Attributes
STR: 7 (-0.50) 6.50 (60.97%)
AGI: 6 (-1.00) 5.00 (2.03%)
CON: 11 (-0.25) 10.75 (4.76%)
INT: 21 (-0.60) 20.40 (17.65%)
PER: 11 (0.00) 11.00 (41.11%)
WIS: 20 (-0.60) 19.40 (82.12%)
CHA: 12 (-0.12) 11.88 (59.75%)
LUC: 10 (0.00) 10.00 (21.01%)
Unspent Points: 19

Secondary Attributes
Health Pool: 222/222
Stamina Pool: 202/202
Mana Pool: 216/2100
Stress Pool: 355/410

Attack: 6.75
Speed: 2.67
Dodge: 9.45
Armor: 0.20
Carry: 65.00
Allure: 2.50

Skills
Max Slots: 39
Free Skill Slots: 10
Artistry: 6 (0.00%)
Athletics: 5 (0.00%)
Basic Academics: 9 (15.15%)
Computers: 6 (37.54%)
Crafting (Stone & Pottery): 5 (60.45%)
Create Mana Golem: 5 (3.73%)
Disease Resistance: 5 (10.04%)
Drug & Poison Resistance: 7 (7.34%)
Empathy: 5 (0.00%)
Firearms: 1 (0.00%)
Gamer’s Body: 12 (34.91%)
Gamer’s Interface: 22 (6.43%)
Gamer’s Mind: 19 (95.00%)
Language-English: MAX (0.00%)
Language-Spanish: 4 (9.85%)
Lockpicking: 7 (44.57%)
Mathematics: 2 (58.67%)
Meditation: 10 (32.74%)
Null Resistance: 3 (13.69%)
Observe: 11 (78.80%)
Parahuman Lore: 6 (47.86%)
Programming: 2 (67.45%)
Psychology: 4 (0.00%)
Science (Earth): 1 (0.00%)
Speech: 5 (0.00%)
Stealth: 5 (11.23%)
Strategy: 1 (0.00%)
Vehicle Operations: 3 (0.00%)
Video Games: 26 (5.87%)
Unspent Skill Points: 9

Perks
Free Perk Slots: 0
Gaia's Blessing: Mana Pool and Mana Skill access
Gaia's Attunement: Elemental Affinity access
Light Sleeper: Need only 5 hours to get fully rested
Mana Reserve: Bonus MP per level increased by 25%

Flaws
Selective Amnesia: We had to make room for stuff in your head
A Bit of a Troll: Sometimes you just can't help yourself
Unnatural Curiosity: Can't always resist the urge to find stuff out

Cheaty Powers
Invisible Light Source: White on White Interface Theme
Language Comprehension: Multi-lingual subtitles
Limited Remote Viewing: Free & Third Person Camera Modes
Limited Microscopic View: Free Camera Zoom In
Distracting Sound: Profanity filter
See in Darkness: Contrast, Brightness & Gamma Correction
Super Hearing: Selective volume controls
Audio Filtering: Selective channel muting
Sound Protection: Built in decibel control
Personal Jukebox: Broadcast Music library
FRAPS: Record and playback from Camera POV
