Saturday, January 23rd, 2010

One computer being shared between nine kids, left little time for each person. This seriously hampers my research and skill gaining abilities. That’s why I use it in the morning before everyone else is up. At least I’ve trained the Beckett’s to expect me to be up at 5am before their stupid motion alarm turns off at 6. Then again, they have not bothered me about that at all this week; maybe they finally changed the time setting?

I should get up even earlier. I’ve been meditation for 2 hours most nights. I don’t need to. I can do that in class and on the bus. Longer computer time is more valuable, but it means going to bed earlier. Probably by 9pm and getting up at 2am. That will leave me at least a solid four hours on the computer each night. The problem is the motion alarms. I need to disable them.

    An Inside Job.
    Disable the Beckett’s alarm system to give you more freedom inside and outside the house.

    Time Limit: 3 weeks
    Success: +200 XP, skill gain, greater freedom of movement in the house.
    Failure: Siiiimon! You got some ‘splanin to do!


Uh, okay. Haven’t had new quests in a while, at least no immediately doable ones. I told myself I’d try to generate new quests of some kind every day and I’ve been neglecting it. I tried asking for skill or stat gains quests before, and always had failed, yet then I got the ‘Get in Shape!’ quest anyway? Not that it’s going to be an easy one to complete any time soon. Or was that really just a troll quest to make me do things the hard way and not spend stat points?

So what about…

    The Fifteen-Ten.
    Get 15 skills up to level 10. Completed so far: 6 of 15

    Time Limit: 3 weeks
    Success: +300 XP, some actual accomplishment?
    Failure: ヽ(ಠ_ಠ)ノ Hurry up already!


God damn it. Now I get to have one? I accept the quest. What the hell happens in 3 weeks?

I look over my skills for candidates, I need nine. Best ones are higher level ones that don’t have specialties. Those are Create Mana Golem, Disease Resistance, Drug and Poison Resistance, Disable Device, Null Resistance, Parahuman Lore, Programming, and Stealth. That isn’t enough.

I had no idea how I got Null Resistance let alone how to train it. Disease Resistance, no, I’m not going to make myself sick on purpose to boost that. Parahuman Lore is already difficult to train. Drug Resist, there are still some routes to pursue there, but not sure if it’ll be worth the risks. The other skills all support specialties that I want to keep acquiring. Except Basic Academics, what the fuck is with that skill anyway? Whatever, other candidates could be Computers, but I’d prefer the specialties, Athletics, Crafting, Artistry, Speech; they all have the same issue. It doesn’t say I can’t blow skill points to finish off some of them but I’d rather not, plus I don’t have enough of them. I could get new skills of course; the ones I know I can get are Craft (Cooking & Brewing), Cleaning, and Card and Board Games. I just didn’t want to take those. It’s unlikely those are non-specialty skills. Shit, the more I look, the more this seems like a trap quest, which I already accepted because I didn’t pay close enough attention. Fuck you troll.

Guess I should add researching the Beckett’s alarm system to my list of stuff to do.

****​

It didn’t take any effort to convince the Beckett’s to take us all to the memorial vigil. They were planning to do so anyway. I’m a dickhead. They’re people too, they lost friends as well, and that was why they were going. The Beckett’s and the other kids are not mere NPCs to serve as obstacles or goalposts toward my progress. I should feel bad for needing to see the Empathy gains to remember I need to be aware of that more often.

Step number one of disabling the alarm system is me heading out the door first, and using free camera to position my view back inside the house at the wall mounted entry pad for the alarm, and wait for Mrs. Beckett to type it in, while FRAPS is turned on. I now have the arming code.

It’s a fair drive to the beach from the inland side of the Houston suburbs. Since it’s outside, I want to spam Observe on every plant I find, so I left Spider-Bong asleep at the house.

With some minor convincing, we stop at a nearby flower shop like many others doing the same thing, to pick from what’s left to take to the memorial service. Between the shop, the hundreds of additional flowers brought by visitors, and the general flora of the area, I make good headway in finishing off Observe plants.

I wander among hundreds of other mourners, along the recently finished memorial. It overlooks the beach, beyond that is the water’s edge, beyond that is the ruined Galveston skyline. The mourners are crying, praying, saying goodbyes, leaning on each other, and outpouring their emotions.

Two parts of my mind collide with each other. Gamer’s Mind is keeping my centered, focused and observant. My Empathy skill, which is rising, is going the other way, as I listen intently to all the cries, prayers and emotional releases of everyone around me. I go up and down between focus and riding on emotions. There are priests, ministers, and grief counselor’s offering counsel, shoulders to cry on, and leading prayers.

Some random woman comes up and hugs me, tears in her eyes. I let her, it’s a release and cathartic, but makes me feel guilty as hell. Why was I here? To observe stupid plants? To get out of the house? That’s god-damn selfish, considering the purpose of this place, I lost family and friends, I should feel something more about that, just like everyone else here. Yet, you get to gain Empathy skill and stress points while doing it? I wasn’t even thinking about that, or expecting it before arriving. It also makes me feel guilty. Am I basking in the raw emotions of people just so I can get stupid gains on a character sheet? That’s not real empathy; it is just a damn number. What the hell is wrong with me? Why the hell do I have this skill anyway? Without it I’d…

I’m crying, shuddering in this strange woman’s embrace, I don’t know how much time had passed, until finally she slips away. I watch her go for a bit, until she finds some other stranger to hug. I look back out to the sea. Somewhere out there is a home filled with a childhood I can’t remember. I look down at the small bouquet of flowers I’ve been clutching tightly. Stems and leaves crushed in my grip, a green tinted sap ran down my hand. They’re simple wild flowers grown out of season for sale, Bluebonnets, Texas paintbrushes, and Cherokee Roses. I place them at the base of the memorial wall with dozens of others.

Hey mom, dad. Hope I was a good kid. I can’t remember your names or faces, but I hope you’re in a better place. Did I have siblings? I guess I won’t ever know, but if I did and they are with you tell them I love them anyway, all of you.

Life goes on, I guess. I think I’m a better student than I was before. I’m staying with some foster family and other foster kids. I don’t know if I like all of them, but I don’t hate them either. It’s been, really difficult adjusting. I understand all their restrictions, even if I don’t like them. I have to admit to myself that they’re actually trying to do the right thing.

I met a girl there. Her name is Julia. I like her a lot. She had to leave though, and except for maybe one other almost friend. Her departure left me with almost no reasons to stay, so forgive me when I have to leave and try to find her again.

I have powers now too, really weird video-gamer themed cheaty powers. I don’t even know how to explain them. Maybe I can actually do something positive in the world with them. I have a feeling you might not be surprised, not at the gaining powers thing, but the video game thing. I must of have done that a lot, but I would trade it all away for memories of my friends and family.

But I can’t can I? I can’t because Simon Anderson is dead. The person I was, he died in that sinkhole. He’s up there with you. I’m all that is left, a Tabula Rasa driving his body and borrowing his name...

Your Empathy skill has increased by 1

Why do I have that skill? It’s a starting skill, one I could not choose to have or not have. Without it, maybe Gamer’s Mind would keep me calm and unfeeling all the time. I’d be too much like a game character, always ignoring social consequence, treating people like NPCs, and life like a game. All things would be evaluated in terms of how it helped me progress. What if Empathy was the skill that keeps me human?

“Hey,” someone comes up next to me and gives me a slight bump on my shoulder.

I turn and see Rachel standing next to me. Her face is as tear-stained as my own. “Hey” I say back. “Just saying goodbye.”

“Yeah, me too.”

“Want to get out of the crowd?”

“Sure”

We walk down to the beach. I feel anxiety well up as I get closer to the ocean. I take the occasional moment to pause and calm myself. Then I stop in the dry sand and sit down.

“I have a fear of water that I am trying to overcome. I was really close to Leviathan when he attacked where I was at. I nearly drowned more than once in a sinkhole he caused. I was at the mall with some friends playing in a video game tournament…”

I tell Rachel, not quite everything, but close enough. The one thing missing being the whole ‘I have powers’ bit. She has heard bits and pieces of the story from the group therapy sessions, but I went well beyond that. I even talked about encountering Rappel and Granite, and going to Julia’s flooded house. +10 relationship with Rachel Zamora.

We sit for a while on the beach in silence watching the waves.

“I was out of a date when Leviathan attacked. We had only gone out a few times before; the rest was just phone calls and passing notes in class. It had always been hard to find time to go out together because of our parents. We were alone at Sam’s apartment when the sirens went off. It was so sudden. We started throwing together some backpacks to head to the shelters. We both tried to contact our families.”

“We didn’t even make it out the door. The building collapsed around us, I woke up some time later. I was lucky somehow, I could move around. I had lots of cuts and scratches, and inhaled a lot of dust, but no broken bones or major injuries. Sam wasn’t so lucky, and was pinned under debris. We only had light from our phones, but no signal. We were trapped in the rubble, with just a few granola bars and water bottles we had managed to grab in that brief time trying to prepare. Our phones let us know how much time had passed, but we had to conserve their batteries. The water bottles ran out after the first day. Then it was just fetid water keeping us from dying of thirst. I knew Sam wasn’t going to make it, so did she. She kept telling me to go and try to find a way out, but I couldn’t leave her, and there wasn’t a way out. She died sometime on the fourth day, they pulled me out on the seventh, the day after Christmas.”

“Later, at the camps, I learned that the neighborhood my house was in subsided an went underwater. I still can’t handle dark enclosed spaces without my mind going back there.”

Rachel stops telling her story. I thought more about what was said. That Sam was a girl, that they were at their house alone, and had been dating, which had been difficult due to their parents.

“So now you know why...” Rachel continued.

“Yeah,” I said. “Sam was short for Samantha?” I ask. Rachel nods. “I guess y’alls family didn’t know?”

“My brother knew. He was my twin. He kept it secret. You remind me of him sometimes. Cause you’re both big awkward geeks. I’d appreciate it if you don’t say anything.”

“I promise I won’t. But hey, if you ever need a wingman…”

Your Empathy skill has increased by 1
Rachel Zamora has gone from acquaintance to friend
Charisma ‘Skill’ challenge, 2 of 10 friends achieved

I dismiss the notifications. “Thanks.” I tell her.

“For what?” she asks.

“For listening, trusting me, and being my friend.”

“I thought I said I was only warming up to it.”

“You saying I am wrong?” Rachel doesn’t say anything. “Good, I’ll take that as a no, because I need some help, from a friend.”

“What kind of help?”

“I told you I have a fear of water I am trying to overcome. Part of that involves facing it head on or at least as close and I can get.” I say as I stand up and take my socks and shoes off, hike up my pant legs, and stare at the ocean. “If I flip out or go catatonic or something weird like that, I need someone to pull me back.”

“It’s fucking January; you’re not going to try to go swimming are you?”

“Not swimming, no.” I said as I walked toward the water. My heart starts to race, I see the waves swell and come into the shore. My feet are in the wet sand now, but I keep going forward, suppressing the panic that wants to form. Water washes over my feet, then my ankles, and my lower legs. A little further, the water is near my knees. The spray of the waves hit my face as I stare out into the swells.

A notification fires off and I felt a sudden calmness, the panic died down but doesn’t entirely go away.

Your Gamer’s Mind skill has increased by 1

It isn’t enough, I need to do more. I fall down on my knees, and felt the chill of the water as my pants got wet, and the waves lap at my waist.

“You okay Simon?” she is standing only a few feet away, having also taken her shoes and socks off.

“Yeah, but I need more time.” I respond.

I switch to free camera mode, and send my view sailing over the ocean. Waves bisected my vision as they pass through my camera, a panic starts forming and I struggle to keep it down. I’m safe; my body is on the beach still. I pitch the camera down and dive it into the water, I flip my interface windows and set them to white to illuminate the underwater scene.

There are no reefs, just banks upon banks of sandbars, and the occasional fish or jellyfish. My mind is reeling as I stare out into the underwater depths. Some greenish shape appears underwater at the far edge of my vision. It begins to get larger as it moves closer, faster and faster still. Finally it comes into focus, four green lights three on one side, one on the other. Then I realize what it is.

Oh fuck! Fuck, fuck fuck! I’m soaked, I’m underwater and drowning again as a massive wave tears forward over the ocean floor. The sandbars ripple, and the water pushes me back the view of my camera retreats without me doing anything to control it. Leviathan’s face is sticking out of the underwater wave as it surges ever forward, then everything goes black.

****​

“Siiimmmooon” I hear Rachel yelling as if it was in slow-motion or I was still underwater, or very distant. “You fucking better not be faking to get me to do CPR on you!” I feel a hand slap me in the cheek. Rachel is hovering over me, her face only a few inches away from mine. I turn my head to the side and start coughing up sea water. My camera view is back to normal. When did that happen?

“No, wasn’t faking, but thanks anyway. Nice to know that’s one way I can lock lips with ya though.”

“You idiot.” Rachel says as she punches me in my broken arm.

“Ow! Damn, broken arm, punch the other one next time.”

“So there’s going be a next time I need to punch you in the arm?”

“Knowing me? Probably.” Rachel smiles again. A quick glance toward my feet shows she dragged me several feet away from the water’s edge. I’m still lying in the sand, and she’s still kneeling beside me leaning awful close.

Well the beach isn’t underwater, so Leviathan must have been a hallucination. “What happened?” I ask.

“Big wave rolled in unexpectedly, knocked you over and soaked us, you more than me.” I notice Rachel is soaked from mid torso down. I’m completely drenched.

“What’s this, beach make-out session day?” I recognize the voice of Thomas yelling from further into the shore.

“What have you two been doing?” Mrs. Beckett’s shrill voice calls out. “We’ve been looking all over for you two. Why did you wander off?”

Rachel stands and I sit up.

“Clearly they wanted some alone time.” Thomas remarks.

“Shut up Thomas!” Rachel says as I get to my own feet.

“Why are you two soaked?” Mrs. Beckett asks.

“I got a bit lost and panicked in my emotions, trying to face…” I don’t say anything, and just gestured at Galveston’s broken skyline. “A big wave rolled in and knocked me over, Rachel helped me.”

“So lover-boy had another freak-out and you came to his rescue? How touching.” Thomas smirks.

“You want me to sock you in the jaw again asshole?” Rachel asks as we walk back to our shoes.

“Thomas, go back to the car and get some dry blankets from the back.” Mrs. Beckett commands.

“Hey, so you like the skinny dudes, whatever. Clear who wears the pants in tha—“ Rachel’s shoe suddenly collides with the side of Thomas’s head. “Ow! Fuck you bitch.”

“Thomas ! Go! Now!” Mrs. Beckett yells. “And you two, we’re leaving. Get back to the car.”

****​

I go through the notifications I missed while I was unconscious or whatever the hell happened as we drive home. Plus, my dunk in the ocean is probably not good for the cold I still have.

Your Gamer’s Mind skill has increased by 1

Rachel is at a 106 now. Double level gains in Gamer’s Mind, and I only had to have an anxiety attack, a hallucination, and nearly drown. Fuck that. It’s not worth it anymore, at this point I’d rather just gain levels to finish it off. Stress points made gains from all the hugging and touchy feely sharing stuff, and then a good chunk of that got taken away from the ocean stunt. Hopefully another pysch session can fix up the rest. I mediate just to calm down on the ride home.

I’m exhausted, and feel miserable from being sick. I hope disease resistance gets me immunity to the common cold. I barely manage to work on my textbooks quests and research our alarm system when I get a turn on the computer. When I build up more mana, I’ll wake Spider-Bong again tonight.

Sunday, January 24th, 2010

It’s 5am again; I’ll shift my sleep schedule tonight if this works. I stealth my way out of bed and grab the scissors and wax paper sheet I had snagged from the kitchen last night. Screwdriver and tools in hand, I sneak up to the motion sensor at the end of the hall, and illuminated it with my interface. The Beckett’s are not security experts. I’m not either, but I know enough for this. This wasn’t a bank or a secure facility holding expensive electronics or anything. Their system is a cheap off the shelf version made by people who don’t care and prey on people’s fears to collect those monthly subscription payments, and installed by someone making minimum wage.

I pop the cover and cut out a couple squares of wax paper and slid them behind the plastic window and in front of the actual sensor, then replace it. I sneak down to the other end of the hall and repeat the process on the other sensor. That’s that, surprisingly easy to do.

    Quest: An Inside Job has been completed.
    Disable the Beckett’s alarm system to give you more freedom inside and outside the house.

    Success: +200 XP, greater freedom of movement in the house.


A slew of notifications fire off.

Your Disable Device skill has increased by 1
You have gained a level! You are now level 9.
Your Gamer’s Mind skill has increased by 1
Your Gamer’s Body skill has increased by 1
Your Gamer’s Interface skill has increased by 1

Okay, now what? With both of these disabled and knowing the security code, I can easily slip outside. In time I would, being Sunday morning no one will be up as early as on a weekday, but I want to keep those stealth and Disable Device gains going. Stealth will only rise if I’m being stealthy while doing something that I might get caught at.

I go downstairs, adjust my volume controls and put my free camera into the Beckett’s bedroom to make sure they are snoring away. Satisfied, I pick the lock on the office door while using stealth. I’m not going to snag my phone. I can try, but I want to see if they’ll give it to me on Tuesday. This is just practice. I pick, relock and pick the lock again. Then I have a massive sneeze, break my stealth, and hear the Beckett’s stirring. I relock the door, hide my tools, and dash over to the kitchen and sneeze again.

“What are you doing up?” Mr. Beckett says mid-yawn as he sleepily strides around the corner

“I need more cold medicine.” I say as I fake a cough, which bothers my chest, and thus unintentionally turns into a real cough, that has me hacking up over the sink.

“You made yourself worse getting soaked last night.” Mr. Beckett says as he pulls out some cheap cough syrup and puts it on the counter next to me. “Try to keep it down okay.” Then he walks back into their room. Yeah, I’m done messing with that tonight. I make myself some cereal and get on the computer.

Your Computers skill has increased by 1

Finally, I stop all my research, even mid article. So I know more about smartphones, no specialty, but I knew I wasn’t going to get one. I need to think about what other specialty I can pursue before doing this again.

Sunday has become a lazy day of restricted progress. It’s storming outside, and my cold is preventing a lot. Spider-Bong at least is awake, still guarding and following himself. I’ve spent hours on the biology textbook quest; I’m more than half-way through now, past where we are at in class.

“Alright, we’re going to go to the store to get your art stuff.” Mrs. Beckett says, surprising me from my study. “Also you have a doctor’s appointment tomorrow after school to check up on your arm. You can ask about your cold while you’re there too.”

“Uh, okay.” I begin putting my stuff away. “Which store?”

“I though you would know which one, did the teacher say? I hope it’s close.”

“Let me get on the computer to find one.” I find one easily enough, and take my backpack, with Spider-Bong in it, with me.

****​

“But it’s the cheapest price per pound.” I say to Mrs. Becketts in yet another round of haggling.

“You don’t need fifty pounds of clay, just how big is your art project supposed to be?” She asked me, again.

I actively use my speech skill; I hope it’ll count as some kind of haggling or barter specialty. Between her and the shopkeeper it’s at least going up. A problem is that price haggling isn’t done in stores. I may have better luck at a garage sale or flea market. That requires money, time, and freedom I don’t have. Trying to convince Mrs. Beckett to spend money on my behalf and the shopkeeper to give us a deal in what little leeway is possible is the best I can do.

“It’s not just for this one but several. It will keep me busy for a while.” I answer her.

“Where are you even going to get that stuff fired?”

“The art class has a kiln. So does this place, we could come here again, but at school should be fine.”

“If we go back you could get more clay then, this much just seems excessive and messy.”

“When we go back, because we will, if we don’t get a lot. That’s another trip that has to be planned and scheduled. Anything I do at home I can do outside.”

“Maybe just the 25 lb. bag, I mean what’s next a potter’s wheel? We’re not getting one of those.”

Good 25 lbs. is higher than what she said earlier. “I don’t need a potter’s wheel, but I do need some simple shaping tools. It’s for school, you can write it on your expense report for taxes or whatever for all the stuff you have to buy for us.”

Five minutes later we walk out with a 40 lb. bag and a pack of cheap plastic shaping tools. I consider new Golem plans as we drive home. I won’t use the whole batch at once. I just want to practice craft and artistry first. According to my skill info I can make a Golem that weighs 50 lbs., but I am actually limited to the size of the kiln at school. I can’t make something that’s too big to fit in it. I could ignore that and make an unfired one like Spider-Bong, but I want to see what differences a fired one has in comparison. We get home and I spend the rest of the afternoon just making clay animals in the backyard.

Your Craft (Stone & Pottery) skill has increased by 1

Monday, January 25th, 2010

I wake at 2am on a new schedule and sneak around the house, passively gaining stealth as I pick and relock the office door until I stop getting gains. But, I’m so close to leveling. Fuck it, I’ll risk the safe. I abuse my volume control to assist like I had with the padlocks, even though I know the combination. Yep, everything works and it pops open.

Your Disable Device skill has increased by 1
Your Stealth skill has increased by 1

I don’t take anything though, my phone is still there. That’s not unexpected. Supposedly I’ll get it back tomorrow. I can wait one more day to see if they actually do it. I close everything up and go back upstairs.

Your Programming skill has increased by 1

I’ve been at this for hours now. Computers skill also rises as I improve my coding. I knew the basics already. I don’t remember why I know, or where I learned, but it’s a no specialty skill. I want to get it trained up to at level 10. I should be able to stick with this consistently for a while and see what that gives in Computers.

I sit next Rachel on the bus since we shared first and last period on ‘A’ days. She thinks my meditation is weird. At my gains rates in Spanish class, I might be maxed by the end of the week.

You have gained the ‘Pottery’ specialty for Artistry

Do I keep going? I still need gains in Craft and to finish the Golems, so it may be unavoidable. Art specialties seem to be the type of media you are using. I don’t think I care enough to pursue several, so keep making clay animal golems.

I meditate in English class and skip lunch so I can barter off lunch vouchers to get cigarettes, and then sneak off school with stealth. I smoke in the overgrown empty field and look for plants to observe.

You have gained the ‘Budding Botanist’ specialty for Observe

Finally! No more specialties for Observe, unless it’s a guarantee of acquiring it. I sneak back into school and spent the rest of English catching up on my Parapedia entries. I hope I can gain more Gamer’s Interface. Reading my interface in Spanish isn’t working anymore.

I make it through math class without leveling Mathematics. It’s very close though and probably will when I do homework. I won’t gain a specialty, and if I want to do so next level, I’ll have to stop doing current work and try some other math subject on my own. Maybe I can trade doing Algebra homework for other freshmen in exchange for cigs or money? Worth a shot, and lets me keep up that Speech skill.

****​

As soon as I’m at the house, I have to go out the door again with Mrs. Beckett for my Doctors appt. The doc retakes X-rays of my broken arm, says the cast can come off in two weeks. That’s nearly a week beyond what my status effect timer says, which was Feb. 2nd.

After much cajoling, but no actual Speech skill use, the doctor gives me another pain pill prescription, different brand this time, and I bet its milder than the last one since he was concerned about my seeming over use, without actual making any direct accusations. My Observe of him tells me enough. Doesn’t matter, this will be the last one anyway, and Drug Resist was tapering off from those anyway, that’s what the cigarettes are for. At least I got some cold medicine as well out of it.

****​

Your Mathematics skill has increased by 1

Yep, I gain my level partway through my Math homework and stop. Math class is going to become another meditation class. The only reason I do any of the homework is because it’s worth minor amounts of XP. I won’t even get that if I don’t complete this because I don’t want to screw up a specialty attempt.

“Hey, Rachel?”

“What?”

“You do your math homework yet?”

“No.”

“I’ve done problems 1-12; I’ll trade you for problems 13-20.” I propose, activating Speech at the same time.

“They aren’t exactly difficult, why?”

“I want to focus on something else. Math is starting to bore the hell out of me, at least Geometry is.”

“Hmm, maybe. Ally-way, got any more?”

I got her meaning; she’s referring to the cigarettes. “None right now, but if I do I’ll share. Assuming you’ll do the same that is.”

“Okay.”

Apparently my homework quests don’t care how I get it completed, just that it gets completed. Merely copying math problems don’t result in skill gain. There’s no reason I need to trade only with Rachel.

I go to the boy’s room and find Cody. He’s still in eighth grade studying algebra. “Hey Cody. How’s algebra going?”

“I hate it.”

“Mind if I take a look at your textbook? You know I could do some of these problems for you, in exchange for…”

Tuesday, January 26th, 2010

Your Disease Resistance skill has increased by 1
Your Programming skill has increased by 1

Stupid cold; this morning is the same as yesterday. I skip risking Disable Device in the office. I won’t get gains from the door and my cold may break my stealth. I’ll just skill up on the computer as long as I can.

There is still no email from Julia. Has she gone cape? Has she gone cape and got injured or died and can’t email me? Or has she decided she doesn’t want to email me, and not worry me? Yet here I am worrying with a lack of information. I scour the computer and what bits of the network I can for info on what city she has moved to. I know no more than I did when she left, somewhere in New Hampshire. I can try again at my meeting with Mrs. Pearson this afternoon.

****​

We’re going to learn about First Aid today in Health class, and for the next two weeks, starting with basic CPR. I finally get my turn practicing on the dummy…

For performing a repeated action you may gain the ‘Medicine’ skill.

Yes! I accepted –no. Parapedia it first, then accept.

    Medicine (INT, PER) (Active) Level: 0 (0.00%)
    This skill allows you to identify, diagnose and treat injuries and other physical issues with (primarily) human bodies.
    Increased skill level enables greater positive effects of treatment and synergy with related skills.

    Specialties: none
    Features Unlocked: None


Another specialty laden skill, yeah, I still want that. I accepted.

    You do not current meet the requirements to learn the skill Medicine.

    Requirements:
    INT 15: Met
    PER 5: Met
    Basic Academics specialty - Basic Health: Not Met

    You have 7 days to meet the requirements for this skill before it becomes unavailable. It will not become available again unless the conditions for acquisition are repeated.


What the hell? Fuck no, a ‘basic health’ specialty in Basic Academics? That’s the skill that only slowly goes up in health class or when doing health homework. I’ve been focused on the Know of Life biology quest this whole time. I’m two-thirds of the way through it. I have to swap to the other one don’t I, and finish it in seven fucking days? Fuck you troll.

****​

“What are you doing Simon? Why aren’t you running with the rest of the class?” Coach asks.

“I’m doing one-armed jumping jacks” Because screw PE.

“I can see that. You’re supposed to be running.”

I switch to making standing leaps without any run-ups. “Don’t want to run. My Doctor’s note is still valid anyways. At least I am doing some exercise.” I say between ragged breaths.

“That’s for things that strain your broken arm. Running won’t do that, now get moving.”

I continue jumping like an impaired frog. “Hey, I’ll make you a deal. I’ll do plenty of physical exercise and activity if I get to choose what it is whenever I want”

“What? This isn’t a negotiation Simon. Start running with the rest of the class or you’re going to get a mark for non-participation.”

“Okay” I continue to jump, switching to standing high jumps to see how much vertical I can clear.

“Okay, so why aren’t you running now?”

“I meant okay, I accept your terms. I’ll continue to do what I am doing and you’ll give me a non-participation mark. If you’d like, maybe we can re-negotiate on our next class? Perhaps my choice of activity will coincide with yours on that occasion.”

“Damn it Simon, do you want detention too?”

“No I do not desire detention. *Huff* you told me the consequences of not running and I thought that acceptable. *Huff* I did not know you would then aim to make them worse, *wheeze* but if you insist on it, then I guess accept those terms as well. *Huff* just know that I am pretty busy after school most days. *Wheeze* gotta see my doctors, my case-worker, and my shrink. Detention outside of school hours won’t work.” Coach widens his eyes at me, turns around, mumbles something and walks off. I go back to jumping.

****​

Well, I have to put this plan into action. I promised myself I would if I haven’t gotten any email from Julia, and there’s still nothing as of checking after school. My attempts to find clues at the house is fruitless, so the only resource left is the CPS office and Mrs. Pearson, who still isn’t willing to share any details.

I sit down on the other side of Mrs. Pearson’s desk and stare at the back of her desktop computer. FRAPS is running and I’m casing the place. Damn she manages to login before I can get my free camera into position. She sits for a moment going over her notes, and navigating her computer system, which I’m recording some of.

With access to her computer, I should be able to look up Julia’s info, assuming it’s there. I know her name and birthdate, which ought to be enough.

“So what actual birthdate did you put in for me in your system? I’d like to know when I can look into driving or an after-school job.”

“Mid-year, July 2nd. It keeps your age in sync with the average for your school grade.”

“And you couldn’t let me choose?”

“If I had you’d have chosen something in January. You need to focus on school right now Simon, besides its default for people with unknown DOBs.”

“So how long is getting an SSN and all the other crap for an identity going to take?”

“Two weeks at the minimum, more likely as long as six. I’m sorry I could not find anything further about your identity Simon, I really tried.”

I sighed. Do I need an identity? Probably, though there could be some advantages to ‘not being in the system.’ I don’t want to still be sticking around here in six weeks. I check the age on my status sheet and note the time. It still says 15. I’ve been doing this every day. Eventually, I assume it will flip to 16 and I’d discover my birthday via the day before having said 15.

I make a fake cough, which aggravates my cold, and it turns into a real cough which I exaggerated heavily, which makes it worse. “Can I get some water?” I ask hoarsely.

“There is a water fountain in the hall near the bathrooms.”

“No I mean can you get me a cup or a glass, please? I don’t want to have to get up every few minutes.” Meaning, just get up from your desk damn it.

“Fine, just a moment.” Mrs. Pearson says as she finally stands up and walks away.

As soon as she is out of sight I toggle the power supply switch on the back of her computer so it reboots, and get my free camera into a ready position. I wait for her to return.

Grabbing the water she proffers to my extended hand is still difficult when my sense are directed at her screen and keyboard.

“Did you do something to my computer?”

I shake my head no as I awkwardly drink the water. Mrs. Pearson logs back in to her machine and brings all her programs back up, while I record it all.

“So what’s it like working here? You come in early much?”

“Sometimes”

“About when?”

“What’s that matter Simon? We need to talk more about your school. The Beckett’s have informed me that your teachers have complained about your behavior and participation.”

“I’m just curious. What time do you usually get in?”

She sighs. “About 8 am, occasionally earlier. You’ve done very poorly in History and English.”

“That’s early, are you the first person in here in the morning?”

“No Simon, I’m not. You’re doing well in your other classes, why can’t you make an effort in those?”

“It’s pretty late in the afternoon, am I your last, um what do you call it, charge? Appointment? Case? You get out of here at 5?”

“Yes, and I’d like to, we’re rather overworked, and avoiding my questions isn’t helping.”

“History and English hold no interest to me, but I don’t get what the problem is. I attend and I’ve done my homework and crap.” At least I have for now, if the XP gains dwindle to nothing then fuck that. Mrs. Pearson says something more but I’m too busy trying to restore my camera mode back to normal because lurching around while violently coughing while my perceptive view is elsewhere is giving me a headache.

Back to normal, I chug down the rest of the water. “Ugh, my cold is making me nauseous too. I need to use the bathroom.” I lie while clutching my stomach.

“Alright go”

“Hmm, I might be a while.” I say as I depart for the hall.

I sit in the stall and switch back to free camera mode and roam my view around the building. I noticed the security panel on the way in, but hadn’t caught the name. I rectify that and proceed with a thorough examination of the premises and liberal use of observe.

The local CPS office is a just one section of a generic government office building. It’s a single floor, tucked off in a set of suites that is reminiscent of a cheap strip mall. Maybe once upon a time it was a strip mall. It isn’t exactly high security but there are a couple ceiling cameras. It’s filled with cheap fluorescent lighting and grey cubicles. The paint and flooring looks like it hasn’t been updated since the 70’s. There are a few personal offices for middle management bureaucrats along the walls apart from the larger open space of cubicles. No windows except for the wall that composed the ‘store front’ which is covered by closed generic brown blinds. There is a single rear door entry in the back that leads to a loading dock and a dumpster.

The only other rooms are some storage closets. Most are for janitor and building maintenance supplies. One looks like it has active VCRs, probably for the cameras. Observe confirms that. Another room has a camera, a wheeled safe, and shelves of various items placed in open labeled boxes. The labels have people’s names, ages and case numbers. Given the ages ranged from infant to teenager, it seems this is where the stash of personal effect are being held for whatever reason, ranging from clothes to toys to electronics.

I move my camera view back to the wheeled safe and observe it, then move my camera inside the safe, and turn on my flashlight theme. It’s difficult to view individual objects in the cramped viewing space, especially when the camera has to be so close. Observe helps, indicating various bits of Jewelry, some knives, and…

    Colt M1911A1 Handgun
    This pistol is in surprisingly good condition for its age given that it was manufactured in 1939. It has obviously been well maintained through the years.

    It is chambered 0.45 ACP. It supports a grip housed box magazine which can hold 7 rounds. The box magazine is currently missing. The weapon is unloaded. The safety is on.

    This weapon last belonged to Hector Mendez and was claimed by his daughter Julia. It was later confiscated by the Houston PD and Texas CPS on the grounds of illegal possession of a firearm by a minor.

    Item Durability: 25/25 (Hardened)
    Ammo: 0/7
    Damage: 12-240 HP


Well, holy crap. A lot more info since the last time I observed this thing. Up to 240 HP damage? Is that without criticals? I need to work on my CON and Gamer’s Body more. Another notification goes off and I find another new quest.

    Gun Smuggler
    Now that you know where it is, return Julia’s gun to her.

    Part 1: Retrieve it from the safe without getting caught
    Time Limit: March 1st, 2010
    Success: +250 XP
    Failure: Not having a gun when you need one.

    Part 2: Return it to Julia
    Time Limit: April 12th
    Success: +400 XP, increased relationship with Julia Mendez
    Failure: ???


Of course, of course that comes next. Might as well accept it, I plan on breaking into this place if I don’t hear back from her. Wait where the hell am I going to hide that thing?

“Simon Anderson? Are you in here?” Some male voice yells from the front of the bathroom. “Mrs. Pearson said it’s time to go.”

I swap my camera mode back to normal and flush the toilet for authenticity’s sake. I guess I have enough info for now.

“Alright, I wish we could have had more time but I didn’t think you’d be in there that long.” Mrs. Pearson says as I get back to her desk. “I’ll let you know when our next scheduled appointment will be. I should have more info on getting all your identity in order by then.”

“Let me know how? They still have my phone.”

“Your grounding isn’t done yet hmm? You haven’t made it worse have you from your class behavior?”

“It’s supposed to be over with today. I’ll see if that’s true when I get back.”

Turns out the Beckett’s actually do end my grounding, and give me back my phone. They still don’t commit to being able to take me to the repair shop though, just ‘when there is time’. Whatever, I’ll just do it myself anyway then.

Wednesday, January 27th, 2010

Your Programming skill has increased by 1
You have unlocked the Syntax Swapper feature for Programming.
You may gain the ‘IDEs’ specialty for Computers.
You have gained the ‘Polymer Clay’ specialty for Craft (Stone & Pottery)

Not bad gains for all of this morning and class today. Spanish, Meditation, progress on my Health Textbook quest and my next Golem is also moving toward their next levels or completion.

I want to ditch the bus, go to the shop, grounding be damned and fix my phone. But I have a psych session today, and I’m close to filling my Stress bar, and reaching level 5 in Psychology, since I don’t think another specialty for that is coming.

****​

“We’ll we didn’t cover quite as much as though we might but I think we made good ground. Not many patients want to know the ins and outs of the psychology field itself. If it interests you that much, you should consider pursuing it in college. What about your thoughts on the whole self-identity issue?” Mr. Archer says as we wrap up out session.

“I guess, I made my peace with that for now. Getting some closure at the memorial was helpful.”

“You also hinted at an episode at the beach, do you want to elaborate on that further?”

“I suppose, see. I want to put some more of the exposure therapy stuff to practice; the ocean seemed like a good choice to try…”

Your Psychology skill has increased by 1
You have unlocked the Personality Types interface feature for Psychology

What’s this, something new to mess with on my interface? I use Parapedia on it for more details. Everyone on my relationship sheet that isn’t categorized as a stranger now gets a little four letter code of the supposed 16 personality types. What is Julia’s? INTP, ‘The Thinker’. Rachel’s is INFJ, ‘The Counselor’. What am I? INTJ, ‘The Mastermind’. Meh, these things are kinda generic and shallow. Whatever, at least I get some Gamer’s Interface gains from it, for however long that lasts.

You have learned a new thing about yourself: Your personality type is INTJ, ‘The Mastermind’
Your Create Mana Golem skill has increased by 1

Oh, nice…. And the gain is back down to a trickle again.

Thursday, January 28th, 2010

I blur through the day on auto-pilot. I do my computer stuff in the morning, go to class, and do actual work in biology, worked on health in history, and actual work in health class, sneak off campus for lunch, and find myself in PE, doing jumping jacks and standing jumps again.

“Are you even going to try to run today?” Coach asks me.

“Nope.”

You have gained the ‘Jumping’ specialty for Athletics

Perfect. I activate stealth again and sneak off to the showers before everyone else gets there, then wait at the bus pickup. I snag Rachel as she comes outside school. “Hey”

“Sup”

“When they ask where I am, tell them I went to a store, and I said I’d be back before nine. Maybe they won’t call the cops on me this time.”

“Yeah, that’s gonna go over well.”

“Don’t care, see you later, maybe we can homework trade again tonight Geo for Spanish?”

“K, Later”

****​

Despite trying, America isn’t a nation that does much haggling. I can’t budge the repair guy down from his price, even offering to try and do some myself. I realize that no, I probably shouldn’t. It’s clear I have more to learn, but at least it’s over with. The phone is repaired, and in my pocket.

The problem is, I can’t afford to purchase the battery it needs, or a prepaid plan. I stare at the battery in its large anti-theft packaging and look around. There are cameras, it’s a small shop, and in clear view of the counter. Plus I just interacted with this guy a lot, and they know my email.

“This battery sold any cheaper elsewhere?”

“You can try Wal-Mart.”

“Where’s that at? I’d look it up on my phone, but you know.” He drew me a map and I was off. It costs me more in bus fare than I want to spent, but I’m soon in the land of the unwashed masses. I pass a fat guy in a three wolf moon shirt on a mobility scooter shouting at some white trash lady with missing teeth.

I pass an old man wearing pants printed like the American flag. The overhead intercom buzzes with ‘Code Yellow on aisle 12, Code Yellow on aisle 12.’ Ah, people of Wal-Mart. My use of Observe is giving me TMI that I really, don’t want to know. I zigzag past two slow walking fat ladies and make it into the electronics store. The pimply faced teenager behind the counter, not much older than myself, has no idea what I’m talking about, so I find the battery myself. Yeah. How am I going to do this? How do I get it open? Fuck I should have gotten a cart.

Cart now in hard, I grab some heavy duty scissors from the home and kitchen section, then go to the clothing section and pick out a couple pairs of jeans. Activating stealth I keep watch on the eyeball people counter until it is sufficiently low that I fold the battery and shears into the pairs of pants, and head toward the fitting rooms. Last time stealth was of limited use in a well-lit store, this time it’s hit or miss, but the eyeball is very useful. I wait for the opportune moment to slip past the fitting clerk and find an empty stall.

I cut away the packaging and put the battery in my phone. Bingo, everything works, except for the lack of a plan. I continue to cutting the packaging into little pieces then put them and the shears into the pockets of one pair of pants. I use free camera to check if the stall next to me is empty then slip the pants over the top and let them fall. I leave with the other pair and put them back on the shelf.

I can’t help but noticed that not one person actually gave one iota of a crap about my nefarious activities. So why am I still wandering around the store pretending to browse? You have a working phone now, but the quest completion hasn’t trigger yet. Why? Just stop being a wuss a leave before you miss the bus.

The notifications hit right as I stepped outside.

Your Stealth skill has increased by 1
For performing a repeated action you may gain the Thievery skill.

Repeated action? I only stole one thing. Last time I stole stuff was when I was looting and when I took the screwdriver off that dude who was repairing a generator at the camp in Galveston. Why didn’t it trigger earlier? Does looting not count? How long does it remember those things? Parapedia, “Observe”

    Thievery (PER, AGI) (Active) Level: 0 (0.00%)
    This skill allows you to perform a range of activates related to theft and slight of hand.
    Increased skill level enables greater feats of mischief and synergy with related skills.

    Specialties: none
    Features Unlocked: None


So, it’s not just theft and such but sleight of hand too? Games always do rogue skills weird. Sounds good though, I mean I don’t really want to be a villainous thief, but I’m poor, and traveling to New Hampshire isn’t going to be cheap. I click this ‘Y’ button to accept. Good I met all the requirements for this one.

    Who You Gonna call? Complete
    Obtain a smartphone with internet capability. What? You think you’re gonna look at Pr0n on the public computer?
    Success: +300 XP, a smartphone.


Finally.

****​

After bus fare, all I have is $1.58 to my name, even with hoarding my lunch money. Grim faces meet me at the door. They search me, because of course they do.

“Where is your phone?”

“At the repair shop” I lie. “I told you I needed to go there, I wasn’t willing to wait for it to be convenient for you when I had my own means.” It’s actually in the carved out square I made in the Geometry book.

“You’re grounded again through this weekend at least, probably longer.”

“Whatever, I don’t care. Guess that means I can’t do any after school programs.” Drama club may have been interesting. Really, none of this matters anymore. It’s just pretense. I’ll leave when I need to, grounding or not. I still need a phone number. VOIP can make do, except they won’t let me use the computer to sign up for one. Fuck you very much. Screw this, it’s almost nine. I’m going to eat and sleep.

Friday, January 29th, 2010

Your Language-Spanish skill has increased by 1
You have unlocked the Perfect Fluency feature for Language-Spanish
Your Language-Spanish skill has reached MAX rank

Well Spanish has become useless now. At least I finish my Golem project. I don’t make the golem yet, that will be later. I have a clay dog, or my best representation of one. The teacher told me I can’t put a 40 lb. solid mass of clay in the kiln because it won’t fire correctly and probably shatter from uneven heating. I had to cut it in half, hollow it out and then smash it back together. So I have about 30 lbs. of clay remaining, guess I can make other smaller ones. I leave it at school, to be fired on Tuesday. It’s too big for my backpack plus books and would leave wet clay smudges everywhere. The rest of my classes I just work on the stupid health textbook quest. It’s taking too long; I need to find a shortcut.

Instead of sneaking off campus for lunch I go to the library and use the computers there to setup a VOIP number and test it on my phone’s Wi-Fi. At least I have something to send her now. Still no email from Julia, damn. I send a second email to her anyway with my new phone number.

****​

“It was supposed to be 10 cigs not 8, James.” I say as I pull out the copied Biology homework and put it in front of me.

“I couldn’t get that many, my dad is probably gonna be pissed already for these going missing.”

“Alright fine, but you need to realize I’m doing you a favor here. Also make sure when you copy this onto your own paper, you put some variation into the phrasing of the answers; and for the love of god don’t just hand in a photo copy. Donnie did that and got a big fat zero and made the teacher start wondering where these are coming from.”

“Yeah sure, I won’t do that. Though why haven’t you got suspected yet? And why can’t you just make a variation copy instead of a mass produced one? “

“Because I’m not stupid, James. I make two versions of my homework, one I turn in, and one I used to make copies from. I make sure they are different enough from each other to dissuade someone from looking too close. Furthermore making some custom variation takes time, James. Time cost money. Now if you want to pony up some cash and a sample of your handwriting for a James flavored version, then maybe we can talk more, but until then do the copying yourself.”

“Do you have anything for Mrs. Apelbaum’s classes?”

“No I don’t do English or History homework, find someone else for those.”

****​

“$1.50 a cig?” That’s insane man. I could buy a pack for just two of those.”

“Like hell you can, packs are $6-$7 bucks each, and you can’t buy them cause you’re underage.”

“I don’t have $12 bucks, 50 cents each?”

“Well how much do you have? No way to 50 cents. $1.25”

“I got eight bucks, 75 cents each?”

“Well, Rick, I’ll let these go for $1 each, that’s 8 cigs for 8 bucks you got just enough, and they’re the last ones I have for today.”

“Fine.”

“Good deal” I say as I slide the cigs over and take his money.

You have gained the ‘Negotiation’ specialty for Speech

“Hey” Rick asks once more before getting ready to leave. “You got anything that isn’t cigarettes?”

Well, could I get something else? “No dude, but I’ll keep that in mind.”

****​

On Friday nights teenagers should be out and about loitering at the mall or making other mischief, not holed up in the house grounded. Not that that would stop me. Instead I need to finish off these quests and its taking all my free time to do so. I say that, yet I’m trying to finish off a Math Specialty from Cody’s algebra textbook, instead of the quest.

You have gained the ‘Algebra’ specialty for Mathematics

There, now that’s the last thing I wanted before fully focusing on the textbook quests. I need to find a way to cheat on them, maybe the letter of the quest instructions? After all, I can just download the Teacher’s edition online tomorrow morning.

Saturday January 30th - Sunday, January 31st, 2010

You have gained the ‘Databases’ specialty for Computers
Your Programming skill has increased by 1

At least that’s some progress. I use the computer in the morning since I’m barred from it except for homework. The rest of the weekend I work health textbook quest. Near 800 pages of boring crap, is difficult to get through. I tried to cheat, using the teacher’s edition I downloaded, and reading just the questionnaires and answering them, but it didn’t work. No variation of that worked either, so I have to do it the slow way. At least I have complete supply of pre-answered homework for the rest of the semester, I’ll need them. I guess I can do that for Biology too.

Monday, February 1st, 2010

No programming this morning. Instead I look up bus ticket costs, for travel from Houston to New Hampshire. Nearly $300 dollars! I have to get some money under the radar. Furthermore I don’t even know what city she’s in.

I get to class and do nothing but work on the textbook quest. I want this over and done with; I’m so close to completion. School is becoming useless. I finally finish the damn thing in History.

    Quest Know your Body Completed!
    Read and then successfully answer all the questionnaires in your Health textbook.
    Success: +300 XP, new skill branches


You have automatically gained the ‘Basic Health’ specialty in Basic Academics

And that skill is back down to 9 and 0.00%. Why automatically assigned? Why is that skill so weird? Whatever, it got me the missing requirement for the Medicine skill.

For performing a repeated action you may gain the Medicine skill
You have unlocked the ‘Physical Effects’ bonus feature for Observe

Now health class is making gains in medicine. Presumable because we’re still doing the First Aid course work?

If I do anything in PE, I’ll mess up my specialty pursuits. I can’t do Climbing or Swimming like I did for Jumping. So I’m going to skip. My broken arm status effect wears off tomorrow, that should give me more opportunities to try things. For now I got cigs and the last of my pain pills to burn off. That should dull the lecturing I’m going to get when I get back to the house.

Your Drug & Poison Resistance skill has increased by 1

Tuesday, February 2nd, 2010

I finally get back to programming in the morning since that textbook quest is over with. What I’m really looking forward to is when the broken arm timer expires, and finally sticking ‘Moon-Moon’ in the kiln. My clay golem dog thing is so stupid looking.

Only one textbook quest left. I work on biology in my now useless Spanish class, and in Art I make final touches to Moon-Moon and put him in the kiln. At lunch I watch the timer for my broken arm status effect tick down to zero and see the status effect disappear. No notifications, oh right I turned them off for status effects. Shouldn’t ‘Get Healthy again’ have completed? Oh damn it I’m not at max mana. I put Spider Bong to sleep. Now I have to wait for that to fill up, which won’t be until tomorrow morning.

Well, fuck it, math is useless now too. I don’t need to attend it anymore. I sneak off campus, go to the park, climb trees, the monkey bars, and the climbing walls until…

You have gained the ‘Climbing’ specialty for Athletics

****​

“Where the hell have you been again Simon? The school called they said you skipped PE yesterday. If you don’t…”

I use my interface to mute voices. I mouth that I have homework to do, I couldn’t actually hear my voice, and waited for them to stop gesturing. Surprised they didn’t mention me skipping Math class too.

Wednesday, February 3rd, 2010

The fuck? I turned Spider-Bong off before going to sleep, my MP was at max, and still no completion notice for ‘Get Healthy Again’. All my bars were at max. “Status Effects”, these were… wait, what did ‘Get Healthy Again’ say? “Quests”.

    Get Healthy Again!
    Get all your bars to maximum, and eliminate all negative wounds and mental based status effects.

    Time Limit: None
    Success: 300 XP
    Failure: Continued miserableness.


…and mental based status effects. Fuck. PTSD and Mild Depression is still lingering, almost entirely negative by Gamer’s Mind down to zero. I hope Teenage Acne isn’t going to matter because it’s not a wound. Fuck, fuckity, fuck, fuck, I’m relying on gaining levels to auto-level Gamer’s Mind, and wipe those out. To gain levels I need XP from this quest. I didn’t plan this right, damn it. I’m going to have to… damn I don’t want to do that again. I don’t want to blow saved skill points either. What can I use to substitute this quest’s XP amount? I don’t think the Fifteen ten is going to be completed by its deadline. Damn, back to using the computer while I figure something out.

Your Computers skill has increased by 1

No specialty. Maybe I should give up on them? Almost time to get ready for class.

You have gained the ‘First Aid’ specialty for Medicine.

Woohoo, though Health class is probably useless now. As is the rest of class, but I’ve nearly finished the biology textbook quest. Fuck PE again, why skip once when I can do it twice? I have to go ‘borrow’ a swimsuit from wally-world anyway.

****​

Your Stealth skill has increased by 1
You have gained the ‘Shoplifting’ specialty for Thievery

    Sticky Fingers
    On your way to the path of a rogue, steal 25 items. 2/25 completed.

    Time Limit: March 31st
    Success: 300XP, New Title
    Failure: None


Talk about encouraging bad behavior. Am I a villain? I never did figure out what kind of character type I am, but, Disable Device, Stealth, Thievery, even Speech, given the specialties, and Hacking under Computers, is what I seem to be leading towards. My AGI sucks. Most Rogues in RPGs are DEX focus, but AGI and DEX isn’t the same thing. Other Rogues are the INT based skill monkeys. Am I headed more toward that? Whatever, awfully convenient it’s worth 300 XP, just the same amount I was lamenting not reaching due to the timing of the Get Healthy Again quest screw up.

I make sure I get home late enough that they have minimal time to confront and argue with me. They are just holding me back at this point. Apart from having a place to sleep, this isn’t getting me anywhere I want to progress in.

Name: Simon Clarence Anderson
Gender: Male
Age: 15
Race: Parahuman
Class: Foster Kid / Petty Theif
Faction: None
Money: $19.58
Title: Vermin Stomper
Level: 9 (58.78%)
XP: 7375

Primary Attributes
STR: 7 (0.00) 7.00 (60.97%)
AGI: 6 (0.00) 6.00 (89.86%)
CON: 11 (0.00) 11.00 (4.85%)
INT: 21 (-0.38) 20.62 (54.87%)
PER: 11 (0.00) 11.00 (44.88%)
WIS: 20 (-0.38) 19.62 (95.67%)
CHA: 12 (-0.06) 11.94 (77.69%)
LUC: 10 (0.00) 10.00 (25.61%)
Unspent Points: 23

Secondary Attributes
Health Pool: 231/231
Stamina Pool: 209/209
Mana Pool: 48/2362
Stress Pool: 410/410

Attack: 7.50
Speed: 2.70
Dodge: 9.98
Armor: 0.20
Carry: 70.00
Allure: 2.50

Skills
Max Slots: 40
Free Skill Slots: 9
Artistry: 6 (62.24%)
Athletics: 5 (0.00%)
Basic Academics: 9 (0.00%)
Computers: 8 (0.00%)
Crafting (Stone & Pottery): 6 (47.97%)
Create Mana Golem: 6 (80.09%)
Disable Device: 9 (4.98%)
Disease Resistance: 6 (50.17%)
Drug & Poison Resistance: 8 (1.02%)
Empathy: 7 (59.95%)
Firearms: 1 (0.00%)
Gamer’s Body: 13 (34.91%)
Gamer’s Interface: 23 (37.76%)
Gamer’s Mind: 22 (1.09%)
Language-English: MAX (0.00%)
Language-Spanish: MAX (0.00%)
Mathematics: 3 (0.00%)
Medicine: 1 (0.00%)
Meditation: 10 (69.54%)
Null Resistance: 3 (13.69%)
Observe: 11 (47.57%)
Parahuman Lore: 6 (47.86%)
Programming: 7 (58.63%)
Psychology: 5 (0.00%)
Science (Earth): 1 (0.00%)
Speech: 5 (0.00%)
Stealth: 8 (3.56%)
Strategy: 1 (0.00%)
Thievery: 1 (0.00%)
Vehicle Operations: 3 (0.00%)
Video Games: 26 (5.87%)
Unspent Skill Points: 9

Perks
Free Perk Slots: 0
Gaia's Blessing: Mana Pool and Mana Skill access
Gaia's Attunement: Elemental Affinity access
Light Sleeper: Need only 5 hours to get fully rested
Mana Reserve: Bonus MP per level increased by 25%

Flaws
Selective Amnesia: We had to make room for stuff in your head
A Bit of a Troll: Sometimes you just can't help yourself
Unnatural Curiosity: Can't always resist the urge to find stuff out
