Thursday, February 4th, 2010

I’m back in the office again, stealthily practicing opening the safe, once, twice, thrice, as many times as I dare so long as skills rise. My cold isn’t an issue anymore; I stop at the first sound of shifting in the Beckett’s room.

Pursuing the Fifteen-ten quest seems like a loss of chances at specialties, but Disable Device and Stealth don’t have them. I need the practice. Level 10 skill features in them could prove useful. There’s no harm in getting as close to completing it as I can just in case. Computers and Programming take up the rest of my morning. A specialty in computers will get missed again, but I can’t think of what to pursue anyway.

The Beckett’s have a chat with me at breakfast, about behavior, skipping, responsibilities, and so on. I’m polite and listen intently, I consider their points of view, and internalize them. After-all, doing that helps me grind Empathy, it even makes me feel bad about nodding along and promising to do better when I know I won’t.

****​

“So what’s been up with you lately?”

I look up at Rachel from the biology textbook I’m still trying to cram through during Spanish. “What do ya mean?”

“I heard you getting lectured at this morning. Skipping, not caring about school. Seems odd, cause despite that, you sure as hell have your nose stuck in textbooks lately. Just wonderin’ what was going on.”

I shrug. “I care about classes that are useful to me, the rest are a waste of time.”

“What about this class? Useful or a waste?”

“Before, useful, now? Not so much. I know all the Spanish I need.”

“<Seriously?>” Rachel says in Spanish in disbelief. “<Is that So? And you learned it so fast, how?>”

So she noticed my excessive rapid progress. Is she testing me? “<Amnesia, I already knew, at least I remembered something from my life.>” I sort-of lie, it might be true. Maybe I really did know Spanish in whatever my prior life that I can’t remember was. Maybe even with the power cheat it progresses more rapidly than it might have. One of the ethnicity slots on my status sheet is Hispanic, and I look the part well enough. “What about you, why did you take the class, if you already speak it?” I ask as I looked back to the biology book.

“Same reason all the Hispanic kids do. Easy A, if you know the grammar, and you actually do the work.”

“Meh, your concern for my education is touching, and misplaced.”

“I don’t give a shit about your education. Teacher gave us a group assignment and you’re just reading biology. I don’t want a crap grade. That’s near the end of the book anyway, isn’t that way far ahead of where we’re at?”

I sigh and close the book. “Yeah, sorry, I’m just really close to finishing it off and want to be done. What the hell is our assignment?”

****​

You Artistry skill has increased by 1
Your Craft (Stone & Pottery) skill has increased by 1

Both notifications fire as I take Moon-Moon out of the kiln. He is as ridiculous looking as expected. Very obviously a ceramic dog, I’ll probably have to paint him. I want to take it to the house to Golemize sometime this weekend. I’ve done the pottery side, what about stone?

“Hey can my next project be Sculpture?” I ask the art teacher. Why did I ask, will I be around long enough for another project?

“We don’t even have the tools for that.”

“Just hammer and chisel right?” It’s something to add to my ‘shopping list’.

“Yes, though different shapes and sizes for each to produce different types of cuts and cleaves.”

“And I guess a block of marble.”

“I don’t recommend pursuing sculpture at this stage, there are plenty of other basics to learn first Simon.”

“Yeah, but for future knowledge, if I wanted to on my own time?”

“For one, don’t start with marble, it’s too difficult and expensive for a beginner to waste. If you’re going to do this anyway, try something easier to work, soapstone. It’s not as hard of a stone.”

“Okay, thanks.” Of course, marble is too hard; I should know that, I got a specialty in Geology for the Earth Science skill. I open up my interface notes again and look at my growing shopping list.

Hammers and Chisels, Soapstone, More clay, Costume: gloves, hoodie, face scarf or mask, full face sunglasses or goggles, face paint?

****​

    Quest Completed: Know of Life
    Read and then successfully answer all the questionnaires in your Biology textbook.
    Success: +300 XP, Science (Biology) skill + free botany specialty


And finally! Do I have a reason not to accept it after all this work? Parapedia, always use Parapedia before deciding. Also why Botany? Of all the various biology topics why Botany for free? The book touched on a lot of other stuff more often than botany. Don’t I now enough botany already with all the damn plants I had to examine to get past that stupid budding botanist observe specialty?

    Science (Biology) (INT, WIS) (Passive): Level 0 (0.00%)
    One of the many sciences, this represents the study of biology and life, its processes, evolution, and mechanisms.

    Specialties acquired:
    Botany (+1 Plant affinity)
    Features unlocked: None


What the hell are affinities? I think I saw them mentioned before, but kept ignoring them. Plant affinity for Botany? Earth affinity for Geology? Is this some game function I haven’t explored yet? Something mentioned those somewhere.

    Gaia’s Attunement:
    You have the ability to acquire affinities with various elements. With enough affinity you can attune yourself to the element to call on them for aid.


Is this some other master or summoning ability? Why didn’t I pay attention to this before? What’s my progress in those? How many elements are there? The classical four? Earth, Air, Water, Fire? Can’t just be the classical four or there wouldn’t be a ‘Plant Affinity’. Who or what the hell is Gaia? Is there some other access menu? “Affinities”

    Current Affinities:
    Earth: 2




    Plant: 1


That’s rather limited in the information it tells me. How many are there? What types are there? How much affinity is needed to do something? How do I get more? Let’s see, one Earth one came from geology, the other came from a feature on Craft (Stone & Pottery). The plant one comes from botany. Will more craft and science specialties gain more?

****​

“What no biology this time?” Rachel asks stirring me from my Meditation. In my constant focus on the textbook quests, I’ve been ignoring that skill.

“I finished it.” I glance at the clock; Math class is half over. I considered skipping it but want to avoid the complications. “Means I can trade out bio homework to the years end.”

“And stop caring about biology class?”

“Eh.. I still like biology, for now.”

“We have a test Friday next week if you have been paying attention. Homework trades won’t help with that.”

“Shit, that’s gonna screw up my math skill plans.”

“Your what?”

“Hey, do you have a license yet?” I ask deflecting the question.

“No, should have, but no. Won’t matter much anyway without a car.”

“Should have?”

“I was taking driver’s ed classes during winter break, then shit happened and it got interrupted.”

“Beckett’s going to let you finish? When you turn 16?”

“Early last December, they won’t let me try for my license till summer. Maybe get a summer job then too. Sick of being broke. Still won’t get me a car. Why you asking?”

“Just curious. You’d think they’d want other kids with licenses to handle more of their constantly busy errands. Annoying I can’t get other shit done cause they’re too busy.”

“Thomas and Janet have one, but no cars and that’s the main problem.”

“Thomas is an asshole, I wouldn’t ask him if he did have one.”

“Yeah, and Janet might be moving out soon.”

“What, really?”

“Yeah, she’s just here as a temporary place to stay. Since she got a sorta free diploma school isn’t keeping her here. She wants to emancipate herself, move in with a friend and get a job.”

“Emancipate? Really, how?”

Rachel shrugs. “Have to be 17, I know that much, and a bunch of other requirements.”

“Damn. Hey, you got any more --” I hold two fingers up to my mouth in a smoking gesture, “for after class.”

“Maybe...”

“I need to get rid of something before we get on the bus too.” The teacher shushes us for talking and I go back to pretending to pay attention while I meditate.

“What do you have?” Rachel asked after the bell rang and left math class.

“Mini-Rum bottle I traded some vouchers and homework for. It’s warm though, gotta get rid of it before getting to the house.”

“Oh, hey, wait a minute.” Rachel says and goes up to a vending machine, drops some dollar coins in and retrieves two coke cans.

We go outside and around the tall bushes several kids use to stay out of sight. After chugged down enough soda to make room for the rum, we split it, and Rachel shares more cigs with me.

“How come you manage to get so many more often?”

“A lot easier for a girl to flirt a bit and bum smokes off a senior.”

“But I thought you didn’t like—“

“I don’t, but they don’t know that, I do like my nicotine fix though.”

Your Empathy skill has increased by 1

Rachel’s relationship is 111 now. “Yeah, very Observe-ant, guess we should catch the bus back to the house.”

    Name: Rachel Anna Zamora
    Level: 7
    Alias: None
    Gender: Female
    Age: 16
    Ethnicity: Hispanic
    Race: Human
    Class: Foster Kid / High School Student
    Faction: None

    STR: 11 (+0.0) 11
    AGI: 13 (??) ??
    CON: 15 (??) ??
    INT: ?? (??) ??
    PER: ?? (??) ??
    WIS: ?? (??) ??
    CHA: 15 (??) ??
    LUC: ?? (??) ??

    Allure: 4.5
    Armor: ??
    Speed: ??
    Attack: ??
    Dodge: ??

    Health: 260/260
    Stamina: 280/280
    Stress: ??/??
    H/T/F: ...

    Summary Description:
    Born 12/09/1993, Rachel is a 16 year old survivor from the Galveston 2009 Leviathan attack. She lost her family, girlfriend and home during and in the aftermath of the devastation. She is currently a ward of the state of Texas emplaced into the foster care system. Despite the hardships and grief she has endured she has remained tough and stubborn in the face of these setbacks, due to a strong will and a sense of perseverance that has instilled into from her family and upbringing.

    While counseling and recent friendships have help lighten the load of her stress, she still occasionally self-medicates with drugs and alcohol to alleviate stress and temporarily escape from her problems.

    ...

    She has shoulder length straight, jet-black hair, dark brown eyes and unblemished light coffee colored skin. She is 5’7” tall, and weighs around 135 lbs. Despite a slightly lanky build, she still has a moderately curvy figure.

    Currently Feeling: Buzzed, Calm, Thoughtful, Uncomfortable, Curious

    Known Status Effects:
    Mental: Mild Depression, Mild Post Traumatic Stress Disorder, Claustrophobia, Nicotine Addiction
    Physical: Chilled, Cramps, Soreness, Lung Irritation, Increased cancer risk: (Lung, Mouth, Throat).


****​

After finishing stupid homework for diminishing minor XP, I can use the computer again. If I’m going to try the fifteen ten skill quest, it would be good if I can get that stupid level 9 Basic Academics up to 10, but the skill is weird. It represents generic education, but only Health has raised it, and then it got hit with an auto-specialty. What gets it to a level 10? Graduating? That will take too long. What are the high school requirements anyway? Four years English, 3 math, 3 science, 2 history/social studies, 0.5 years of health, economics and government, 1.5 years PE, 2 years foreign language.

I have most all that crap. At least I do for all the specialties in it, Health is the only class that managed to put points in that skill until I got ‘Basic Health’ as a specialty. I have Basic Literacy and Literature, that’s gotta cover English. I have likewise for social studies, history, mathematics, science, and so on. The only ones maybe not included are Economics and Government. But shouldn’t government be part of social studies and economics part of Math? It’s not predictable enough to count on.

I resume programming again. With my textbook quests done, I don’t have much else to do. I can mess with art and clay again outside, but I’ll be giving up specialties in both again. What’s more valuable, easier specialty gains, or the 300 XP from the quest? Even if more difficult, the specialties I can try again later for, the quest has a fixed deadline. I go outside and mess with the clay until dinner.

Friday, February 5th, 2010

I spend another morning practicing Disable Device and Stealth on the safe, and programming on the computer. One of these days someone is gonna wake up early and come out. I need to make those 10th levels soon.

I have a Biology test today. It doesn’t cover Botany, so I don’t mind the skill gains, a consistent subject may even let me get a specialty again. Hopefully this skill won’t get messed up as much as Mathematics was. I finish early and meditate the rest of class as well as in history and health.

The Economics class and Health class share the same class room. Econ teacher is always leaving their stuff on the chalk board. Yep there’s unassigned Econ textbooks in the cabinets, I pull one out and flip through it.

    Supply and Demand
    Read and then successfully answer all the questionnaires in your Economics textbook.

    Time Limit: May 12th, 2011
    Success: 300 XP, new skill branches.
    Failure: More frequent poor money making decisions.


Fuck, of course it does this to me, another textbook quest. Wait my Economics Textbook? It’s not mine; I’m not taking the damn class. At least the deadline is far off. I sure as shit am not tackling that quest any time soon. I read the first few pages while checking my skills. Yep, after gaining 0.01 in Basic Academics, it confirmed my suspicions. I looked around the classroom, turn on stealth, and drop the book into my book-bag when no one is looking.

3 of 25 items stolen for the quest Sticky Fingers

Yes, my Economics textbook indeed. Also, fuck PE today. I’m not screwing up Athletics, I got plans tomorrow. I’d skip but I can just sit and meditate with non-participation.

****​

Your Create Mana Golem skill has increased by 1

That’s what I’ve been waiting for all day after I spendthe all evening grinding Art and Craft. I’m not going to Golemize Moon-moon until tomorrow. I wanted the next level first in case it makes a difference. I want to max MP before I try too.

Saturday, February 6th, 2010

Your Stealth skill has increased by 1
Your Disable Device skill has increased by 1
You have unlocked the Speed-pick feature for Disable Device
7 of 15 skills now at level 10 for the Fifteen-Ten quest

Finally, I’m pushing my luck practicing on that safe. I’m still not sure if I can get 8 more skills to level 10 in a week. I manage to get to the computer for a bit before I hear them stirring earlier than usual. Scrying reveals Mr. Beckett is awake but still in his room.

Your Programming skill has increased by 1

I’m pushing my luck with this too, I should’ve left by 6am as soon as the alarm changed modes I can slip out the door, I was so close to leveling I stayed longer than intended. I shut the computer down, grab my backpack, raid the fridge, and slip out the back door with stealth as I hear the Beckett’s coming out into the living room. I’m not running off yet, I still have shit to prepare. I’ll get a major lecture and who knows what else later, but I’m past caring. It’s only because I don’t have a place to sleep elsewhere yet.

I get behind the shed but my stealth breaks for some reason. Detecting eye shows 1 person watching, but I’m out of sight of the back door. I turn around and look up and catch a glimpse of the girl’s window curtain moving upstairs. Someone ducks away and it closes right as I turn. A quick use of scry shows Rachel is the only one up and awake. Interesting, but I’ve no time to dwell on it. I slip out the alley gate and go to the park.

****​

I sit at the same picnic table I made Spider-Bong at. At least I don’t need to make anything from clay first. I pull Moon-moon out of my backpack and get to work. Moon-moon is around 10 lbs. of ceramic, less than the original weight of the clay, because it loses water weight in the kiln. “Imbue Mana Golem” A new menu popped up.

    Select reinforcement level: 0-3
    Each level of reinforcement multiplies the base imbuement cost of the mana. This increased cost does not affect the awaken cost of the Golem, which is still calculated normally.


Dang, I almost had enough to get a reinforcement level of 4, do I want to do that? I could get more mana from increased INT or WIS, and have 23 unspent points. Not sure if I should. INT is at 58.76% toward the next gain, WIS is 95.67%. Dang I should try to get that one topped over soon. I don’t know what will happen to my current progress percentage if I bump it up a level. Guess there is only one was to find out.

I put one point into INT, my Max MP jumps to 2475, and I spend 2 more MP with Parapedia to recheck my next INT progress. It has gotten zeroed out. Well, now I know. Don’t buy stat points when they are close to leveling. I spent 2,444 MP to Imbue Moon-Moon with level 4 reinforcement, whatever that means. It takes god-damned forever to finish, much longer than last time, while I look like a goober with my hand touching a ceramic dog. When it’s finally done, I don’t even have enough MP left to wake it up, not for another hour at the minimum.

    Name: Moon-Moon
    Level: 4
    Creator: Simon Anderson
    Controller: Simon Anderson
    Quality: Somewhat Crude
    Size: Small
    Weight: 10.44 lbs.

    STR: 5 (0) 5
    AGI: 6 (+4) 10
    CON: 5 (0) 5
    INT: 0 (0) 0
    PER: 4 (0) 4
    WIS: 0 (0) 0
    CHA: 0 (0) 0
    LUC: 0 (0) 0

    Armor: 4.0
    Speed: 2.83
    Attack: 5.5
    Dodge: 8.0

    Health: 288/288

    Material Type: Simple Ceramic
    Material Multiplier: 2
    Reinforcement Level: 4
    Total Damage Resist: 42

    Golems are immune to all non-movement binding status effects. They cannot gain XP. They are destroyed when they reach 0 HP. Their natural armor value is dependent on the material from which they were crafted and their reinforcement level when created. Their physical stats and HP are related to the type and mass of material from which they are created. Their movement, speed, and ability to execute commands well, are dependent on the quality and nature of their construction.

    Function follows form and aesthetics. A golem cannot move without limbs of some kind to propel itself with, and cannot grasp without hands or claws, etc.


Jesus, 288 HP? That’s more than me for something only 10 pounds? Still, the max damage from Julia’s Gun could take out most of its HP. What does it’s Damage Resist do? Is it just pure damage negation or soak or what? Probably never know until I see one in combat.

The skill gain is a lot more than what I was getting for a days’ worth of having Spider-Bong awake executing commands. Making golems is a lot more efficient than keeping them awake for skill gain. I should make a lot more little ones in the kiln just to spam grind the related skills, even if they end up crappy. At least all the new windows and crap give me minor gains in Gamer’s Interface again.

****​

I spent more of my money to take the bus again, to the only indoor pool I found that’s open. Last time I told myself it wasn’t worth it, to wait for the level ups to get past this shit. There’s no lifeguard on duty, because who goes to the pool in fucking February? This crazy asshole, that’s who. Five bucks to get in, there’s someone at the front office at least, hope I don’t fucking drown. I take a few tentative steps into the shallow end.

No safety behind my free camera this time, this is real. This is so fucking real god damn it. At least it is warm, or did I just piss myself? Fucking don’t panic. My feet are still on the bottom, think of your objectives, get that athletic swimming specialty; get that fucking Gamer’s Mind shit over and done with. Leveling up is taking too damn long…

****​

I drag myself out of the pool and fall down in a chair in an exhausted heap and look at the clock on the wall. I’m so damn exhausted. The pulse of several unread notifications is glaring at me.

You may gain the ‘Swimming’ specialty for Athletics.
For practicing your whole-body reflexes you have gained 1 AGI
Your Gamer’s Body Skill has increased by 1
Your Gamer’s Mind skill has increased by 1

Damn it’s been nearly three hours? Gamer’s Body is almost at the next level again. I use Parapedia to check my stats again, so is CON. That answers that. I drink almost as much water as I swam in, and eat my lunch to recover the HP I had lost from sinking my Stamina to zero and not stopping.

Athletics is still at 5 and 99.99%? It didn’t go up after swimming? Shit I never even accepted it. Wait, the Swimming specialty came first. I was swimming for a good hour after that, I just forgot to accept the thing. Does that mean I can stop gains in a skill by never answering whether or not I want a specialty? Maybe I could leave them in limbo and do other stuff related to that skill without worry. But I’m done with Athletics. Swimming is the last thing I cared to get. It’s an easy skill to gain, and I might need it at level 10 if the others are too hard to get there. I click yes to accept the swimming and it goes back to 5 and 0.00% despite the extra activity I had done. I guess that could be useable sometimes.

This mean I can go back to a gym now, especially since my arm is better. I need to recover stamina though, the water helps, but stops my thirst meter is full. I sit in the pool chair and use mediation. I even chant this time, which I hardly ever get to do, because people are sleeping or I’m trying to do it in class while pretending to sleep. I’m the only person here so it doesn’t matter. Half an hour later it’s enough for me to run if I need to, which I might after I go ‘shopping’ this afternoon.

****​

+50 XP for evading security
Your Thievery skill has increased by 1
Your Thievery skill has increased by 1
9 of 25 items stolen for the quest Sticky Fingers

Shit, I catch my breath next to a tree after dashing across the Wal-Mart parking lot through a field and over a creek. Don’t try to go for too many things at once. At least I have a semblance of a costume but where the fuck am I going to put this shit? Can’t go back to that store. My future cape costume isn’t particularly capey, black combat boots, long black trench-coat, ugly dark green and plaid stretchy wool hat, brown scarf, blue tinted ski goggles to hide my face, and some gloves. Functionality matters more than looks. I change clothes, into the spares I have in my backpack. Just in case they got a description of what I was wearing. So glad I rested earlier. I stealth my way back to a bus stop several blocks down the street, I’m rather close to level 10 in it now.

****​

Your Gamer’s Body Skill has increased by 1
For testing the limits of your endurance and vitality, you have gained 1 CON
Your Athletics skill has increased by 1
For exercising your strength to the point of extreme strain you have gained 1 STR

Once again I’m beyond exhausted. I talked my way into another free trial, only three days this time. Stamina is barely over zero. I meditate with chanting in the sauna. A couple other visitors probably think I’m weird but I don’t care anymore. I discovered that there are things called ‘Environmental’ Status effects. The sauna actually has some beneficial ones that helped recovery rates a bit. They go into effect when I get in the area, and remove when I leave. I rented a locker and put my stolen crap in there, and put my plastic cast back on for the sake of appearances and take the bus back to the house.

****​

“Again Simon? Where the hell have you been this time? After everything we talked to you about.” Mrs. Beckett asks as they searched me yet again.

They don’t find the cigs or my phone they’re still tucked away in Julia’s old Geometry book. They did take my MP3 player, fuckers. I forgot to hide, though there wasn’t room. They put it in the safe, while droning about shit I tune out. At some point she must have asked me a question, only vaguely recalling something along the lines of what I had to say for myself. So I obliged, “I ask to go somewhere, you say no or are too busy. So I do it myself. Now if you excuse me, I’m not feeling well and need to use the bathroom.”

“Hey don’t walk away from me.”

“I will, unless you want me to piss on the floor. You can lecture me again in the morning.”

“Your Grounded!” she shouts as I go upstairs.

“I think I was already grounded.”

I wake Spider-Bong and Moon-Moon this time before resting to double the gains during the night.

Sunday, February 7th, 2010

I got up super early like usual. I only got a couple hours of programming practice in on the computer before I hear the Beckett’s bedside alarm go off. I shut the computer off and retreat into the bathroom when I hear one of them coming up stairs. What the fuck, were they trying to ambush me? Scry camera shows Mr. Beckett sitting down on the upstairs couch silently like he was waiting for someone. For me to come out probably, does he even know I’m in the bathroom? No he’s staring at the bedroom door sitting in the dark trying to do the parent in the living room thing when teenagers come home super late. Except, I just got up super early yesterday and left before anyone else got up. Oh well I guess I got other shit I can do, like practicing stealth while there is someone actively listening for me. At least the bedroom has a connecting door to the bathroom so I don’t have to go back out into the hall. Thanks for the skill gains asshole.

Okay, it’s been an hour and he’s being a persistent bugger. Stealth gains have tapered off and I still haven’t gotten to level 10 yet. There isn’t a lot I can do, I guess I can meditate; I’m nearly at the next level anyway.

Your Meditation skill has increased by 1

Shit you fucker, don’t you have something else to do? It’s been two hours.

He finally leaves after another half hour, only for Mrs. Beckett to replace him. She’s less patient and leaves after another half hour. The other kids are getting up about now anyway, might as well get this over with.

****​

“…You know we are really trying Simon, taking care of a bunch of kids that don’t have parental direction isn’t easy. This is something we’re going to have to let Mrs. Pearson know about. We expect certain things of you. No more skipping. Six week grade reports are coming at the end of the week, we except improvement in the classes we’ve been informed you have been slacking off on. If I have to drive to your school to pick you up to make sure you get home instead of you skipping the bus I will. I’d rather not have to do that. It puts quite a burden on my time in getting the younger kids back from junior high. Now you have a doctor’s appointment again tomorrow to get your cast removed. You want to be there for that don’t you? No running off in the mornings again. Since your arm will be better I expect you to be doing more around the house too, both as part of your grounding and to keep par with what you’ve missed…”

Should I ask how long the grounding is this time? Nah, I don’t really care, because it doesn’t matter. Just nod your head politely with the occasional Yes Ma’am, Yes Sir. It doesn’t matter, the report cards won’t matter either. Just nod along until I get everything I need.

When that was finally over I spent the rest of the day outside with my clay. I made 28 one lb. figurines to make into Golems. If firing Moon-Moon got me a level bump, firing several at once ought to do even more. I won’t be able to Golemize all of them at once, but I need the skills. I have till next Saturday to attempt to finish that quest.

You Artistry skill has increased by 1
Your Craft (Stone & Pottery) skill has increased by 1

After all 28 are made I get computer time by lying and saying I have more homework, and practice more programming. I still have a few hours this evening with little to do. Once I lost use of the computer again, I can’t pull out my phone to surf, it might get seen, Thomas will definitely tattle like a bitch to get me in more trouble if he saw it. I wasn’t planning to work the Econ book quest, but it’s all I can do at the moment. I wanted to go back to the gym today; I would have if the fuckers hadn’t been sitting there waiting. I guess that’s why they did it.

Monday, February 8th, 2010

Your Computers skill has increased by 1

Now if only programming skill would finish getting to level 10. They’re not waiting for me in the morning as badly this time, but they did get up a little earlier than usual. I can’t gain stealth anymore for low risk stuff, so close to level 10 too.

I get to skip Spanish legitimately today. My cast is removed ‘officially’ Speech got me more pills, more muscle relaxant than pain pills, due to arm stiffness, which the doctor legitimately noticed, even though it was really more from the workout I did Saturday. Don’t matter I’ll take them.

“Alright I’m keeping these in the safe this time.”

Christ not this again. “I still need one this morning”

“Take it and then hand it back.” I took one, palmed two, and hand the bottle back. Then Mrs. Beckett drops me off at school again. I pop a second after she leaves to try and boost my Drug Resist.

I can fit 14 clay figurines into the kiln in art class, half now, half later. Most look like rats, squirrels or abnormally large insects, plus a bat and a small bird, I even made one fish, just to experiment with. Since putting something into an oven doesn’t actually take long, and I’m out of clay, I actually do the painting assignment the teacher set up for the rest of the class. Skill gain is skill gain at this point. I leave the other 14 unfired figurines on the table next to the kiln for swapping out on Wednesday so I won’t have to carry that shit around.

I continue to draw in English class while ignoring the teacher, then stealth my way off campus during lunch, to meet up with some other delinquents who do the same.

“Simon Says, man. What you got this time?” Rick, a now regular asks as I walk up.

“More cigs, more biology or Spanish homework; depends.” I still need cigarettes to train up drug resist but cigs alone are hitting diminishing returns. It’s the choice of that or money and I still need money for various things.

“Yeah you ever get something other than cigs man?”

“Hmm, I got a Flexeril.”

“A what?”

“Muscle relaxant, it relaxes you, all of you.”

“Any good?” Rick asked.

“Yeah I heard of those, not bad.” Twig, another delinquent says.

“I’m on a couple of them now and I don’t… I’m just fucking peachy man.”

“Yeah? Five bucks.”

“Five bucks really?” I ask. That’s not at all what I expected, actually who knows, I don’t know what any fucking street drug prices are.

“Uh, hell man I don’t know I’m pretty fucking high now already.” Rick said in a cloud of smoke.

Speech kicks in, well it was already on. “No I mean five bucks for the one pill? Please. This isn’t a generic, it’s the real deal. Here let me show you.” I pull out the third pill I palmed, take out my phone and take a picture of the front and back of it. I need to know what the thing looks like after I sell it to this dweeb. I zoom in my shots. “See that ink and trademark signage, and that coloration? Totally the good shit.”

“Uh, six?”

I raised my eyebrow at him.

“Seven?”

“Doing better.”

“I don’t got more than seven bucks and change on me man.”

“Well count your change.”

“K, I got four quarters… Eight?”

“Deal. Sorry I don’t have two though, their better in pairs. This one was just the odd one left over. Don’t suppose you can do me a favor and pass that joint could ya?”

“Of course dude, rock on.”

A couple drags on the joint, and couple cigarettes down to butts, a few more trades, though not like before, after shaking out my jacket, borrowing a spritz of air fresher and some mints, it’s time to sneak back into school again.

During math class I just drew pictures again to practice art until school is finally fucking over.

“Hey, you know you still have a slight odor of weed on you.” Rachel says as we were leaving.

“Well, shit.”

“I just wanna know where you got some.”

“I don’t have any, just joint passing during lunch. Shouldn’t you be the good kid? I’m bad enough already.”

“Yeah, right. Just means they are less likely to notice the behavior of everyone else next to your stellar example. You getting on the bus this time?”

“Fuck no, got to take care of this.”

“What you want me to tell the Becketts?”

I shrugged. “Say I got sick or something, threw up and went back inside to the bathroom, missed the bus. I don’t really care.”

****​

What I confirmed Saturday, as I had suspected before was that anything of body weight or less, was inefficient in gaining progress towards the next strength point. It’s all heavy strain like the damn notification descriptions said. I’m back at the gym having wasted yesterday, trying to up my skill and stats again. Plus I have to pick up all my loot and move it somewhere else.

Your Athletics skill has increased by 1

Also the muscle relaxer is letting me ignore a fucking lot of points where I probably should have stopped.

Another thing I learn is that, one full stamina exhaustion to minor HP loss, is not enough to get a full point in STR or CON or level in Gamer’s Body, though at least I got the Athletic skill out of it. I also was tired enough that I could sleep in the sauna, and rested only an hour. That may put my sleep schedule off, but the recovery rate during actual sleep, is enough to restore stamina and let me go another round.

Your Gamer’s Body skill has increased by 1

Two sessions are enough to get Gamer’s body, two thirds towards the next CON, almost the next STR, and almost enough for another level in Athletics. I can probably top that off tomorrow in PE.

Too exhausted to continue, I leave the gym and go to a pharmacy and start looking through all the over the counter products for pills that match the size and coloration of the flexerils. No luck. I stop when the store clerk starts following me around.

****​

I get an earful, again when I walk in the door.

“And what do you have to say for yourself this time? Rachel said you were ill and missed the bus, I drove up to the school but I didn’t see you anywhere, nor when driving the route home.” Mr. Beckett rumbles at me.

Her first mistake was telling me too much info up front. “Must have missed, me, caught a ride from a friend.”

“What friend? And why would you get home this late if you got a ride?” Mrs. Beckett shrilly adds to the escalating argument.

“Well, if you had let me finish. Rick gave me a ride, Twig too, but Twig got dropped off first, then Rick’s car wouldn’t start because it’s a clunky piece of crap. So I was stuck even further away than I expected to be and had to walk anyway, and he doesn’t live near a bus route.”

“And where the hell did you get that coat and hat?”

“It’s Rick’s. He felt bad about not being able to give me the ride home he promised so he let me borrow this, since its February and god damn cold outside, I got to bring them back to him later this week.

“And why couldn’t you call?” Mr. Beckett asked non-helpfully.

“You mean with my broken phone?”

“What Rick or ‘Twig’ doesn’t have one?”

“Nope. Now if you’d like to get me a working phone and plan and allow me to keep it on my person at all times so it is available when I need it, I’d be happy to call and let you know when something happens.” A moment of silence passed. “Shall I take that as a no?”

“I’m taking you to school directly tomorrow, and walking you to your class, and picking you up after school as well. I expect you to be there.”

“Are you going to pick drop off and pick everyone else up too? Seems kinda silly to do all that just for me while making the others still ride the bus.”

“Go to your room and do whatever homework you have Simon.”

“Sure, I’ll eat my dinner there too, I need to use the computer for homework again though. Might want to go get my pills, they’re twice daily.”

She brings my pills to me half an hour later. I palm three again and take one. I spend the rest of the evening programming and sketching new golem designs in my room.

Tuesday, February 9th, 2010

Not enough time on the computer to gain level 10 in programming, but very close, definitely tomorrow morning. The secondary gains in computer skill from doing programming are tapering off even more.

Mrs. Beckett actually does what she said and walks me to my Biology class room. I think it was meant to embarrass me, but that only works if I actually cared.

You have gained the ‘Cellular’ specialty for Science (Biology)

I sneak off campus again for lunch but can’t hang out; I need to check the herbal shop in the center across from the school. I go in and start looking over all of their stuff. Observe shows me that nearly 100% of it is complete crap that does nothing for you, and at least most of the time, nothing bad either. Just snake oil peddled to make people feel better.

“Can I help you?” The pretty young shop keeper asks me. She looks like she is barely out of high school, had to be since it’s during school hours.

I feel my Speech kick in. “Oh yes, you can definitely help me, I’d really appreciate that. My Mom wanted me to come in here and get one of her herbal things but I for the life of me I can’t remember what it’s called. I do have a picture though. If I see it I am sure I’ll remember what it was or I could text a photo to confirm.” I pulled my phone out and brought up the photo to get to help get the size, shape and coloration of what I was looking for as close as I could and showed it to ‘Amy’ as her name tag said.

“Hmm, you can’t recall anything about what it might be? Dietary assistance, Hormonal, Vitamins? Anything like that? You don’t have a photo of the label?”

“It was an old container; the label got wet and faded beyond readability…”

After nearly the whole lunch period, long enough to make me slightly late to PE, we found a rather close match. I take a photo of it and promise I’ll be back later to get some.

Your Drug & Poison Resistance skill has increased by 1
Your Speech skill has increased by 1

To the surprise of Coach, I actually fully participate in PE. It may have shocked him enough that he ignored my lateness too.

Your Athletics skill has increased by 1

Just as expected, Mrs. Beckett arrives to pick me up, waiting like a Hawk. She at least does pick up everyone and not make some take the bus. After my stupid piddling XP punishment chores, I hole myself up in the room all evening to grind Artistry until I level it.

Your Artistry skill has increased by 1

Wednesday, February 10th, 2010

At least the idiots are not waiting for me in the hall this morning, or haven’t done so yet, but not even they want to be up at 3am, just me.

Your Programming skill has increased by 1
You have unlocked the Grok feature for Programming
8 of 15 skills now at level 10 for the Fifteen-Ten quest

Good, Computers skill is level 9 still and moving slowly, I needed it to get to a 10 as well. Four more days to get 7 more skills to level 10.

I may have over done it in my attempt to level up Drug resist, two Flexirils plus various OTC cold stuff I snitched from the house left me a bit incoherent in Spanish and Art, but it’s working.

Your Artistry Skill has increased by 1
You have unlocked the Happy Trees feature for Artistry
9 of 15 skills now at level 10 for the Fifteen-Ten quest
Your Craft (Stone & Pottery) skill has increased by 1

I now have 14 figurines to Golemize, but not the mana to do them all at once. I put the other 14 in the Kiln as well. Hopefully it will knock me up a full level again in both.

I manage to Golemize one during English by keeping my hand in my backpack long enough. No reinforcement levels, these are just for skilling practice. I confirm its stats during lunch, they’re better than Spider-Bong’s, only because ceramic is a better material than raw clay, and they’re much better made. They’re still tiny and have a lot less HP than Moon-Moon. I Golemize a second during lunch. I try doing two at once, but get a stupid error popup. I still have to sneak off campus and buy those herbal pills, and carve more room in my smugglers book to hide them. I only manage making two before returning to class after selling a couple fake pills to stupid high teenagers that can’t tell the difference.

I endure unavoidable gains in Math, so no specialty for level 3. I wonder if I can steal Thomas Trig textbook and get a specialty for that later on once this fixes itself. Mrs. Beckett shows up again like yesterday to pick everyone up, still clearly not trusting me to get on the bus.

I golemize two more at home, before I have to start waiting for MP to recover. I have 2 “rats”, a “bat” and a “fish”. I lock myself in the bathroom and fill the tub to test the fish. After I awaken it, it promptly sank, and flopped around on the bottom, not even succeeding in moving toward me as I tell it to follow. One of the rats do a better job of walking on the bottom of the filled tub than the fish does. The bat also can’t fly, and since its body was made with the idea of flying instead of walking, it can barely walk either. Spider-Bong can move better. Those are pretty obvious failures. The Bird I have yet to golemize will probably be just as bad.

After requesting they retrieve my pills, I replace all the ones in the bottle with the fake herbal ones I bought, and I still have some fake ones left over. I drug myself up and delayed my usual sleep schedule to meditate for 3 hours, to get enough MP recovered to golemize one more before going to sleep.

Thursday, February 11th, 2010

Your Drug & Poison Resistance skill has increased by 1
You have unlocked the ‘It’s in your Jeans’ feature for Drug and Poison Resistance
10 of 15 skills now at level 10 for the Fifteen-Ten quest

Good that plan worked during the night and I can finally stop fucking with that shit. I’m still so damn groggy though. I dismiss the rest of the notifications without looking too closely and check out my MP. It’s almost maxed out, having left only one Golem awake to not waste the overflow. It’s enough to Golemize three more right away and a fourth in an hour or so. That leaves me with five more to still do.

Your Create Mana Golem skill has increased by 1

Despite trying to skill up Computers this morning I shorted myself some hours due to getting up later. That may have been a mistake, it’s looking like it will be harder to finish this off. I’ll have to use the Wi-fi on my phone for follow-up research later or at school without getting caught.]

Stealth is stubbornly barely moving despite being 93% of the way toward level 10. It’s really frustrating. I’d probably have to go steal more shit to try and get it over the hump.

****​

Your Speech skill has increased by 1

All day at school, and I only get 1 skill up a level. Speech isn’t going to make it to 10 in time by Saturday anyway. Despite overworking myself beyond exhaustion in PE Athletics is still short of the next level. I can probably make up for it this evening, but that will cut into time for other shit. I only manage to get one more Golem made, leaving me with four more to do.

****​

I don’t interact with anyone at home; have to get the damn skill up. I don’t want to fall short two days out. I probably would have to skip or do something like that tomorrow anyway. I play basketball and ran around the yard until I finally got the next level in Athletics.

Your Athletics skill has increased by 1

I lie about homework time to get time on the computer, and use my phone in the bathroom to research other stuff. Meditation gets me enough MP to make another golem, three left for tomorrow morning.

Friday February 12th, 2010

I golemize the last three of the batch immediately he next morning as I’m working on the computer, studying hacking, robotics, and anything else worthy of gaining Computer skill when I finally finished off level 10.

Your Computers skill has increased by 1
You have unlocked the Power-User feature for Computers
You have unlocked the ‘Electronic Eye’ bonus feature for Stealth
You have unlocked the ‘Data Interface’ feature for Gamer’s Interface
11 of 15 skills now at level 10 for the Fifteen-Ten quest

Holy crap! I drill through Parapedia to see what all those gains are. Power-User looks great, faster usage of all programs? Electronic Eye adds a red dot to the Stealth Eyeball tells me the count of the number of Camera on me? Awesome. Data Interface lets me read and write to storage devices and computers placed into my inventory? That would be sweet, if I had a fucking inventory! Again? When? I need to max out that Gamer’s Interface skill, which means I need to level.

Playing around with the interfaces and Parapedia for those gets me a bit more progress with Gamer’s Interface but I’m still far short at less than 60% progress toward level 24. Seems I can’t do anything with data interface at all until I have an inventory, and by then it probably won’t matter.

****​

“<…I know I know. I just can’t stand the smothering restrictions I feel I am under. There are lots of things I can do with my time, if they would just let me. I’ve no issue with getting back on time or even doing my school work. But if I can’t do my own stuff outside of school cause they don’t give me any freedom. And they keep trying to turn the rest of the kids against me, punishing them in small ways because of what they perceive from me. It’s little wonder I hardly talk to the rest of them anymore just you. I haven’t exactly made friends with anyone else there, except Julia, but she’s not there.>” I’m cathartically spilling my story out, what parts I’m willing to tell, in Spanish to Rachel, in class since we have an ‘open discussion assignment’ if spoken in Spanish.

“<I hear you>” Rachel says in response, “<but they don’t really let the rest of us do shit either. Janet more so, because of her situation, but that’s about it. I swear when I saw you sneaking out by the shed last weekend, I thought you’d be gone, running out, didn’t actually think you would come back.>”

“<How the hell do you do it, and tough that out? I swear they get more annoying and frustrating every day.>”

“<I don’t want to be alone, or on my own. Not like that. I lost too many people close to me already. I’m just trying to get by while numbing the fuck out to most of the rest of the world. The system is shit, but street life is worse. Not like I’ve made any friends with the rest of them either. But I just stay quiet enough and hope they leave me alone.>”

“<Yeah, what about the future?>”

“<I told you, get my license, get a summer job. That gives me a bit more freedom. I don’t have the grades or money for college. Probably get dumped in a halfway house at 18, till I get my own place.>”

“<Well, if I had a place I’d invite you. You do have a phone right? I don’t think I ever actually got your number.>”

“<Yeah crappy pre-paid flip phone hardly use it. Certainly don’t plan on getting it taken away like you risk. You going to pretend like you still don’t have yours or it’s broken?>”

“<Uh, what?>”

“<It’s okay, I saw I your book cubby hole when you were getting cigs out the other day. Clever that.>”

“<Thanks, I guess. Yeah.” We pulled our phones out long enough under the pass contact info. “I still don’t have a pre-paid account set up. I just got a Wi-Fi only number for now.>”

“<You’re still avoided the big question, are you bolting?>”

“<I’m…undecided.>”

“<Bullshit, only thing you haven’t decided on is when and how.>”

The bell rings signaling the end of class. We gather up our crap amidst the throng of students and head to the door. “Will I actually see you in Math class later?” Rachel asks as we leave.

“Yeah, have a damn test today.”

Your Empathy skill has increased by 1

****​

Your Craft (Stone & Pottery) skill has increased by 1
You have unlocked the Extra Earth Affinity feature for Craft (Stone & Pottery)
12 of 15 skills now at level 10 for the Fifteen-Ten quest

I was right about the big skill jump for making the ceramic figures in mass. A new set of 14, rat like things, waiting for me to golemize them. I left all the other ones hidden at the house in the shed just so I would have room to fit all of these in my backpack.

So now I have 4 Earth affinities, 1 Plant, and 1 Water. Where did water come from, Swimming? Still don’t know what they will do or how much is needed.

I golemize one during Art, and another during English. Of the three skills I have left, Create Mana Golem is one I’m trying for but it’s only level 8. I might get level 9 before the time runs out but I don’t think I’ll make it.

****​

“Yep, pleasure doing business with you.” I say as Dale departs, handful of Ginseng pills in his hand that he thinks are something else, while I stuff a handful of bills in my pocket. I don’t want to continue doing this, but I need to make money, Bus ticket is still $300 something last time I checked. Plus I’ll need supplies and expenses on the way.

Word is getting out though, business picked up quick in the last few days. Dealing with the Cigs, vouchers and homeworks of the last week or so was good, but this is a lot more lucrative. I have to sell real ones to first timers or those that seem savvy enough they might tell the difference. The fake ones go to second timers, sometimes paired with a real one, or those too high or stupid to tell.

“It’s eight bucks a pop. Cigs are two bucks. No I don’t have or need weed”

I sneak off to campus for lunch to the usual delinquent hang-out spot. While money is good it might take another week before I earn enough. Still, it’s good progress, far more than I had made previously.

“Oh shit, gotta go Simon.” Twig says before he nearly scrambles over himself to quickly leave.

I look up and see a couple of thugs head straight for me. I grab my stuff and try to round the corner only to get clotheslined by a third I didn’t see.

-5 HP

My backpack takes the brunt on my impact with the ground, and I hear something inside it shatter. I manage to avoid having my head hit the concrete but my shoulder smacked it pretty hard.

“This is my territory you fuckstain!” Thug #1 yells at me. I dodge one boot only to get kicked by another.

-10 HP

Thug #2 drugs me by my shirt and backpack up against the brick wall and dumpster. Thug #1 is apparently the leader as he continues talking.

“You’re selling without a license”

Oh they’re comedians. I shield my head with my arms from a punch and kicks to my face.

-15 HP
-6 HP
-9 HP

“That requires a fine, of all the shit and money you got on you.”

I manage to land one feeble punch on a Thug #3’s knee before I get kicked in the gut hard.

-20 HP

“Stay down you idiot.” Thug #1 says as they rifle through my crap. They take my wallet, the left over pills, and dumped my backpack. Only by luck does my Geometry book not flip open and spill out my phone and other crap I have hidden in there.

“Licenses cost a grand. You owe me that now…let’s see what we got here. Simon Anderson.” He said as he read my stupid ID card. “Only a freshman, huh? You’re trying to pull shit above your weight class. Well, here’s how it works fuckstain. You give me a grand and I don’t beat your ass next time I see you. Then maybe I let you sell what I tell you to sell, to who I tell you to sell, where and when I tell you to sell it.”

I can’t help myself. “It’s to whom.” I say, spitting some blood out of my mouth. “Or did you not pass English?”

“Oh you a wise ass?”

Thug #1 walks up and lifts his foot to give me another stomp. That’s when I jump up and punch him right in the dick.

-40 HP, Critical Hit

Thug #1 doubles over and hits the ground and I jump on him swinging. Two jabs to the stomach before my arms get pulled by one of the others.

-7 HP
-6 HP

“Get this little shit off me.” Thug #1 yells. Despite his bigger size his overhead tag said he was level 9, same as me. Of course the other two were level 8 and level 11.

-10 HP
-12 HP

I still hold on to Thug #1 while the others pull, my hands around his coat and waist, till one manages to bring a knee up right into my chest.

-25 HP

“This little fucker wants more does he?” Thug #3 yells. I try kicking the legs out from Thug #2 from my, once again, prone position, but he dodges out of the way.

-10 HP
-15 HP
-8 HP
-12 HP
-15 HP
-50 HP, Critical hit
-12 HP

Thug #1 manages to recover enough to kick me in the balls returning the favor. I’m winded and stunned, clearly losing, and spew chunks on the pavement.

“Stay the fuck down this time faggot!” Thug #1 drop my empty wallet onto my chest.

Then it’s over and they leave me lying in a puddle of blood, sweat and vomit. I agonizingly roll over to my stuff and started gathering it up into my backpack as quickly as possible. I set my volume up high again cause I don’t have much time before they might notice and come back.

My money is gone, the drugs are gone, even my cigs. Several of my ceramic figures are in shattered pieces on the pavement or in my pack. At least some are intact. The couple of Golem versions I have are still together, minus a few hit points. I guess they are a lot tougher than your average unpowered ceramic animal. I don’t think I’m going to make it to math class today.

I turn stealth mode on and limp away down the loading alley behind the shopping district just in time. My amplified voice channel was letting me know they discovered what I had done and had turned back around.

“Fucker stole my wallet! Go find him! We put him in the hospital now.”

I hide in a dumpster for a fucking hour and a half before my scry camera let me know it was safe to come out. There’s a mass of unread notifications waiting when I finally crawl back out.

For performing a repeated action you may gain the ‘Unarmed Combat’ skill
10 of 25 items stolen for the quest Sticky Fingers
For testing the limits of your endurance and vitality, you have gained 1 CON
Your Gamer’s Body skill has increased by 1
Your Stealth skill has increased by 1
You have unlocked the Back-stab feature for Stealth
13 of 15 skills now at level 10 for the Fifteen-Ten quest
+50 XP for surviving Drug Dealer Thug Encounter

I go to a nearby grocery store, steal a first aid kit and doctor myself in the bathroom. I go to the gym near the house, Speech con my way in to use the showers and get cleaned up. I walk the rest of the way home to deal with the next set of fallout, making sure I hid Thug #1, a Mr. Fredrico Mendoza, High School Senior, wallet in my book before I do so.

11 of 25 items stolen for the quest Sticky Fingers
Your Medicine skill has increased by 1

****​

A soon as I open the door. “And why weren’t you in Math today?” Mrs. Beckett yells before managing to get a look at my face when I turn around.

“Cause I got mugged and beat up during lunch”

“And where were you for that to happen? Why didn’t you go to the principal?”

“Cause it wasn’t inside the building and I was too busy being unconscious after getting shoved in a dumpster?”

“Yeah you sure smell like you were in a dumpster.”

“Shut up Thomas!” We both yell at him, something Mrs. Beckett and I for once agree on.

“That’s the jacket, I cleaned up and showered at the gym before I walked home.”

“Why were you not on school grounds?” She continues to ask.

“I said I wasn’t in the building, not that I wasn’t on the grounds. There is such a thing as eating outside.”

“I still don’t see—“ Mrs. Beckett began before I interrupted her.

“Think about what you’re about to say, because if you’re about to blame the victim, I don’t have time for that shit. I probably need stitches and I hope I don’t have any broken ribs.” I didn’t actually. The only status effects were bruises and lacerations that would run out their timers in a number of days. So much for having the Get Healthy Again quest completed soon.

Mr. Beckett interjected, somewhat calmly for once. “I’m taking him to the ER and calling the police when I get there.”

****​

We don’t speak until we pull into the hospital parking lot.

“So what the other guy look like?” Mr. Beckett asks a bit out of the blue.

“There were three of them, but I punched one of them in the dick. He won’t be walking too well.”

“Well, at least that’s something. Come on we’ll get you fixed up.”

I got only a few stitches, some wraps, and some Tylenol, numb pack to minimize swelling and antibiotics on the cuts. I’m waiting in the room when officer John Roman comes in.

“So we’ve talked before. So, you didn’t stay out of trouble or trouble came and found you?”

“It found me but I recall never making any promises.”

“We should have been called before you got cleaned up, so we could take pictures prior to that.” He said as he held up a camera and started taking photos. I wince at the brightness of the flash. “So you want to tell me what happen?”

No I don’t want to tell you what happen, that would lead to questions, I don’t want to answer. “Three guys jumped me, about as simple as that.”

“Any reason they did so? Do you know them? Can you describe them at all?”

“Gee, dark hair, brown eyes, males in their teens or twenties, brown skin, probably Hispanic. I could just as well be describing myself, except more muscles, and meaner attitudes. Somehow I don’t think that is going to be very helpful to you.”

“Well you never know anyone see this go down?”

“No, no one saw, or no one will say they did if they had, you know how this shit is.” Because if I lead you to them then they can talk about why they wanted to jump me and I think dealing drugs, even fake ones is gonna be a serious problem.

“I can’t help you if you don’t cooperate.”

“Come on, I’m not stupid, stop me if at any point what I am saying is wrong. I give you a description which is will end up being generic enough that is describes most of the young adult male minority population in Houston. That won’t lead you to anything. Second, if you do find them and I do ID them, there wasn’t anyone else to see, or admit to see, but I’m pretty sure there wasn’t anyone else that saw. Three guys words against mine. You won’t be able to pin anything on them, sure they stole some cash from me but that’s it. I can’t prove any of that either. And once you can’t do anything, despite trying or even wanting to try, word gets out and I’ll just reap the retaliation at some point in the future. So just mark your incident report and let me the fuck go, so I can get back and get some sleep.”

Your Speech skill has increased by 1

The Beckett’s were kind enough to leave me the hell alone when I get back. I eat dinner till my Hunger meter is full of everything that gives the best HP gain per weight that I can find. Mrs. Beckett even washes “Rick’s” jacket. I have enough MP to make another Golem from the surviving figurines. Sometime tomorrow afternoon the Fifteen-Ten quest will expire. I have to make a decision before then.

Saturday, February 13th, 2010

3 am Saturday morning. I have enough mana to make three more golems. I’m almost at level 9. This afternoon the quest will expire. I have to spend some skill points on something no matter what. I can make exactly one more Golem from the surviving figurines. I’m not sure if that will be enough to get level 9, I’ll have to wait a few hours for the MP to regen to do it. Then what? I pick what I’m going to spend skill points on. Finish this quest, gain 300 XP and hit level 10. Athletics is also almost at level 10 all on its own, but it will be a waste to bump that when it is so close. Empathy is barely over level 9 as well. Basic Academics is also level 9, but I don’t trust it. I’d like to know what features will get unlocked for all of them, it could make a significant difference, especially Create Mana Golem since I have so many at the moment.

I have 19 figurine golems, 20 when I make one more, plus Spider-Bong and Moon-Moon, 22 in all. Eight of the second set of fourteen figurines got crushed in my backpack when the fucker clotheslined me. It will take little over half my current mana to wake up half of them. I’d run out pretty quick after that with a -66 MP loss per minute. It will be a hell of a thing for a short period of time, except they’re all pretty crappy in stats and HP. This power seems to not be very efficient at ‘army of golems’. Maybe with a long slow build up, a lot of advance prepwork, it can be viable. Right now, only managing a handful 24-7 seems viable, unless something good gets unlocked at level 10 to make a difference.

So Empathy it is, only 3% towards the next level, won’t be a big deal if it gets lost. I spend one of the unused skill points.

Your Empathy skill has increased by 1
You have unlocked the Roleplayer feature for Empathy
You have unlocked the ‘Motivations’ bonus Feature for Observe
14 of 15 skills now at level 10 for the Fifteen-Ten quest

Yep, even 0% at level 10, probably wasted the 3% progress.

I look over Thug #1’s wallet in the dark of the bedroom via my interface light. It has a driver’s license, and student Id card, some fast food coupons, and $30 bucks. Fredrico Mendoza. I go to the computer, look his address up on maps, with FRAPS running, checking out street view. Neighborhood is real shitty, chain fence and dog house in the backyard. I’m interrupted when a notification pops up.

    Where’s my money, Bitch?
    Get back at those drug dealing scum. Steal back what they stole from you and them some.

    Time Limit: February 21st
    Success: +400 XP, $$$, rep, satisfaction of stomping some mobs for XP
    Failure: Your broke ass be stuck here even longer.


Shit of course, of course my power trolls me with that. I don’t have the names of the other guys, I should have had FRAPS on during the fight but it went by too fast. I should have FRAPS on 24/7 but the MP cost gets expensive. Wait there they are. Naho Ortiz, and Juan Vargas. Right there under ‘Annoyances’ on the relationship sheet. Naho? Really? Do people call him Nacho instead to piss him off? I finish looking up everything else I need to know on the computer and quietly go downstairs

Now I need to get out of the house. I get ready, raid the fridge, and sneak out.

I’m not bolting yet. I’m still not ready for that. Yeah, I’ll get another earful when I got back, but I don’t care anymore. I find my way back to the gym I used the first time, different employee so finagle another free trial period. That done, I get busy training again. Even though I hurt from yesterday, I’m that close and want to finish off that quest. I just need the Athletics skill to top out to level 10.

Your Athletics skill has increased by 1
You have unlocked the Good Pacing feature for Athletics
15 of 15 skills now at level 10 for the Fifteen-Ten quest
+300 XP, Fifteen-Ten quest completed
You have gained a level! You are now level 10.
Your Gamer’s Mind skill has increased by 1
Your Gamer’s Body skill has increased by 1
Your Gamer’s Interface skill has increased by 1
Rappel has been removed from your relationship sheet

I pause my workout as the rush of sudden HP, Stamina and MP bumps comes over me. Rappel has been removed? That must have finally decayed.

Oh, I have enough MP now from the level up to golemize that last figurine. I take a break, go to the bathroom and do so.

Your Create Mana Golem skill has increased by 1

It was level 9, now but I wanted a 10, so fuck it. I spend another skill point.

Your Create Mana Golem skill has increased by 1
You have unlocked the Expanded Commands feature for Create Mana Golem

I also don’t feel like fucking waiting an entire other level for these damn things to max out. I spend two more skill points.

Your Gamer’s Mind skill has increased by 1
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder negated by Gamer’s Mind
Mild Depression negated by Gamer’s Mind
Aqua-phobia negated by Gamer’s Mind
You have unlocked the Hamster Wheel feature for Gamer’s Mind
Gamer’s Mind has reached Max rank
Your Gamer’s Interface skill has increased by 1
You have unlocked the Inventory feature for Gamer’s Interface
Gamer’s Interface has reached Max rank

God damn, finally. Yeah Fredrico, as soon and I train and heal up a bit more I’m gonna go kick your fucking ass or steal all your shit, or both, whatever is most convenient.

Name: Simon Clarence Anderson
Gender: Male
Age: 15
Race: Parahuman
Class: Foster Kid / Shoplifter
Faction: None
Money: $30.00
Title: Vermin Stomper
Level: 10 (5.54%)
XP: 8200

Primary Attributes
STR: 8 (0.00) 8.00 (98.14%)
AGI: 7 (0.00) 7.00 (36.22%)
CON: 13 (0.00) 13.00 (8.23%)
INT: 22 (0.00) 22.00 (5.64%)
PER: 11 (0.00) 11.00 (49.05%)
WIS: 20 (0.00) 20.00 (98.75%)
CHA: 12 (0.00) 12.00 (81.24%)
LUC: 10 (0.00) 10.00 (58.34%)
Unspent Points: 26

Secondary Attributes
Health Pool: 156/303
Stamina Pool: 261/272
Mana Pool: 55/2750
Stress Pool: 420/420

Attack: 8.50
Speed: 2.73
Dodge: 11.00
Armor: 0.20
Carry: 80.00
Allure: 2.50

Skills
Max Slots: 42
Free Skill Slots: 9
Artistry: 10 (71.23%)
Athletics: 10 (0.00%)
Basic Academics: 9 (10.43%)
Computers: 10 (0.00%)
Crafting (Stone & Pottery): 10 (0.00%)
Create Mana Golem: 10 (0.00%)
Disable Device: 10 (0.58%)
Disease Resistance: 6 (52.60%)
Drug & Poison Resistance: 10 (3.43%)
Empathy: 10 (0.00%)
Firearms: 1 (0.00%)
Gamer’s Body: 18 (15.43%)
Gamer’s Interface: MAX (0.00%)
Gamer’s Mind: MAX (0.00%)
Language-English: MAX (0.00%)
Language-Spanish: MAX (0.00%)
Mathematics: 3 (33.43%)
Medicine: 2 (0.00%)
Meditation: 11 (44.03%)
Null Resistance: 3 (13.69%)
Observe: 11 (60.00%)
Parahuman Lore: 6 (47.86%)
Programming: 10 (0.54%)
Psychology: 5 (0.00%)
Science (Biology): 1 (53.22%)
Science (Earth): 1 (0.00%)
Speech: 8 (0.00%)
Stealth: 10 (6.64%)
Strategy: 1 (0.00%)
Thievery: 3 (44.95%)
Unarmed Combat: 1 (0.00%)
Vehicle Operations: 3 (0.00%)
Video Games: 26 (5.87%)
Unspent Skill Points: 6

Perks
Free Perk Slots: 1
Gaia's Blessing: Mana Pool and Mana Skill access
Gaia's Attunement: Elemental Affinity access
Light Sleeper: Need only 5 hours to get fully rested
Mana Reserve: Bonus MP per level increased by 25%

Flaws
Selective Amnesia: We had to make room for stuff in your head
A Bit of a Troll: Sometimes you just can't help yourself
Unnatural Curiosity: Can't always resist the urge to find stuff out
