Monday, January 25th, 2010

I woke at 2am on my new schedule and snuck around the house. I passively gained stealth as I picked and relocked the office door until I stopped getting gains. Close to leveling, I decided to risk the safe, abusing my volume controls to assist like I had with the padlocks, even though I knew the number from prior scrying. Yep, everything worked and it popped open.

Your Lockpicking skill has increased by 1
Your Stealth skill has increased by 1

I didn’t take anything out though, my phone was still there. That wasn’t unexpected. Supposedly I’d get it back tomorrow. I could wait one more day to see if they actually do it. Not wanting to further risk anything I closed everything up and went upstairs to the computer.

Your Programming skill has increased by 1

I’d been at it for hours now. Computers skill also rose as I improved my coding abilities. I knew the basics of coding already. I don’t remember why I knew, or where I learned, but since it was a no specialty skill, I wanted to get it trained up to at least 10. I had long been neglecting it. I should be able to just stick with this consistently for a while and see what that gives in Computers. Stealth rose slowly, only because for the first few hours, I‘d definitely get in trouble if anyone came out, but no one did.

I’d taken to sitting next Rachel on the bus in the morning since we shared first period on ‘A’ days. She thought my meditation was weird. At my gains rates in Spanish class, I might be maxed by the end of the week.

You have gained the ‘Pottery’ specialty for Artistry

Hmm, do I keep going? I still need gains in Craft and to finish the Golem projects anyway, so it might be unavoidable. Art specialties so far seem to be the type of media you are using; do I care enough to pursue several? Not really, no, so I decided to keep making my new clay golem animal.

I meditated in English class and then I skipped lunch with the girls in my English class so I could barter off lunch vouchers to get some cigarettes, then snuck off school using stealth. I smoked over the weed overgrown empty field I had been in last week looking for plants I had missed using Observe on last time.

You have gained the ‘Budding Botanist’ specialty for Observe

Finally! No more specialties for Observe, not unless it’s an obvious guarantee of easily acquiring it. I snuck back into school and spent the rest of English catching up on my Parapedia entries, hoping I could keep gaining some Gamer’s Interface, especially since reading my interface in Spanish wasn’t working anymore. I was disappointed with the results, but at least there were some very minor gains.

I made it through math class without leveling up Mathematics. I was very close though and probably would when I did my homework. I wasn’t going to gain a specialty, and if I wanted to do so next level I’d have to pretty much stop doing my current work and try some other math subject on my own. Hmm maybe I could trade doing Algebra homework for the other freshmen in exchange for cigs or money? Worth a shot, and lets me keep up that Speech skill.

****​

I did more mediation on the bus. That was going to be the thing for now, practice mediation on the bus and in classes I no longer gave a crap about. I barely got home though before I had to go out the door again with Mrs. Beckett for my Doctors appt.

The doc retook X-rays of my broken arm, says the cast can probably come off two weeks. That was nearly a week beyond what my status effect timer said, which was Feb. 2nd. Actually it had gone down by a few hours, not sure from what. Good to know there is some kind of way that my injury timers can be reduced.

After much cajoling, (but no actual Speech skill use) the doctor reluctantly gave me another pain pill prescription, different brand this time, and I bet its milder than the last one since he was somewhat concerned about my seeming over use, without actual making any direct accusation. My Observe of him told me enough though. Doesn’t matter this will be the last one anyway, and Drug resist was tapering off from those anyway, that’s what the cigarettes are for. At least I got some cold medicine as well out of it.

****​

Your Mathematics skill has increased by 1

Yep, I gained my skill about 60% of the way through my Math homework and stopped. Math class was going to become another meditation class. Also, the only reason I did any of the homework was because it was worth minor amounts of XP. I wouldn’t even get that if I did not complete this because I didn’t want to screw up a specialty attempt.

“Hey, Rachel?”

“What?”

“You do your math homework yet?”

“No.”

“I’ve done problems 1-12, I’ll trade you for problems 13-20.” I proposed, activating my Speech skill at the same time.

“They aren’t exactly difficult, why?”

“I just want to focus on something else. Math is starting to bore the hell out of me, at least Geometry is.”

“Hmm, maybe. Ally-way, got any more?”

I got her meaning; she was referring to the cigarettes. “None right now, but if I do I’ll share. Assuming you’ll do the same that is.”

“Okay.”

Apparently my homework quests didn’t care how I got it completed, just that I did get it completed. Also merely copying math problems did not result in skill gain. Of course there is no reason I need to trade only with Rachel.

I went into the boy’s room and found Cody. He was still in eighth grade studying algebra. “Hey Cody. How’s algebra going?”

“I hate it.”

“Mind if I take a look at your textbook? You know I could do some of these problems for you, in exchange for…”

Tuesday, January 26th, 2010

Your Disease Resistance skill has increased by 1
Your Programming skill has increased by 1

Stupid cold. This morning was mostly the same as yesterday, but I skipped risking Lockpicking in the office. I wouldn’t get gains from the door and the occasional sneeze and cough I suffered might break my stealth. So, I just skilled up on the computer as long as I could.

I checked once more before heading to school. There was still no email from Julia. Had she gone cape? Had she gone cape and died and got injured and couldn’t email me? Or had she decided she didn’t want to email me, and not worry me. Yet here I am worrying with a lack of information. I scoured the computer and what bits of the network I could for info on what city she had moved to. I still knew no more than I had when she had left. Somewhere in New Hampshire, I could try again at my meeting with Mrs. Pearson this afternoon, but had already decided that if I hadn’t heard from her by now. I’d have to consider some other way of finding out where she went to.

****​

Biology was only useful for its slow and steady progress on the Know of Life quest. History, just a class to practice mediation in. But health class? Why was it the only one that granted me such minor gains in Basic Academics?

We were going to learn about First Aid today in Health class, for like the next two weeks, starting with basic CPR. That made me pay attention, and when it finally got around to my turn practicing on the dummy…

For performing a repeated action you may gain the ‘Medicine’ skill.

Yes! I accepted –no. Parapedia the hell out of it first then accept.

    Medicine (INT, PER) (Active) Level: 0 (0.00%)
    This skill allows you to identify, diagnose and treat injuries and other physical issues with (primarily) human bodies.

    Increased skill level enables greater positive effects of treatment and synergy with related skills.

    Specialties: none
    Features Unlocked: None



Another specialty laden skill, yeah, I still want that. I accepted.

    You do not current meet the requirements to learn the skill Medicine.

    Requirements:
    INT 15: Met
    PER 5: Met
    Basic Academics specialty - Basic Health: Not Met

    You have 7 days to meet the requirements for this skill before it becomes unavailable. It will not become available again unless the conditions for acquisition are repeated.



What the hell? No, fuck no. A ‘basic health’ specialty in Basic Academics? The skill that only slowly goes up in health class or when doing health homework? I’ve been focus on the Know of Life biology textbook quest this whole time. I’m two-thirds of the way through it. Do I have to swap to the other one now? And finish it in seven fucking days? Fuck you troll.

The lunch bell rang. I made another deal for future homework for smokes with Sara and snuck off campus. I used Observe on everything I could; no plants this time, just whatever or whomever I saw that I thought might be unique.

****​

“What are you doing Simon? Why aren’t you running with the rest of the class?” Coach asked.

“I’m doing one-armed jumping jacks” Because screw PE.

“I can see that. You’re supposed to be running.”

I switched to making standing leaps without any run-ups. “Don’t want to run. My Doctor’s note is still valid anyways. At least I am doing some exercise.” I said between ragged breaths.

“That’s for things that strain your broken arm. Running won’t do that, now come on, get moving.”

I continued jumping like an impaired frog. “Hey, I’ll make you a deal. I’ll do plenty of physical exercise and activity if I get to choose what it is whenever I want”

“What? This isn’t a negotiation Simon. Now start running with the rest of the class or you’re going to get a mark for non-participation.”

“Okay” I continued to jump, switching to trying just standing high jumps to see how much vertical I could clear.

“Okay, so why aren’t you running now?”

“I meant okay, I accept your terms. I’ll continue to do what I am doing and you’ll give me a non-participation mark. If you’d like, maybe we can re-negotiate on our next class? Perhaps my choice of activity will coincide with yours on that occasion.”

“Damn it Simon, do you want detention too?”

“No I do not desire detention. *Huff* you told me the consequences of not running and I thought that acceptable. *Huff* I did not know you would then aim to make them worse, *wheeze* but if you insist on it, then I guess accept those terms as well. *Huff* just know that I am pretty busy after school most days. *Wheeze* gotta see my doctors, my case-worker, and my shrink. Detention outside of school hours won’t work.”

Coach just widened his eyes at me, turned around and walked off. I went back to jumping.

****​

Well, I have to put this plan into action. I promised myself I would if I still hadn’t gotten any email from Julia, and there was still nothing as of checking after school. My attempts to find clues at the house was fruitless, so the only resource left was the CPS office and Mrs. Pearson, who still wasn’t willing to share any details.

I sat down on the other side of Mrs. Pearson’s desk and stared at the back of her desktop computer. FRAPS was running and I was actively casing the place. Unfortunately she managed to login before I could get my free camera into position. She sat for a moment going over her notes, and navigating her computer system, which I at least was recording some of.

I felt confident that with access to her computer, I’d be able to look up Julia’s info, assuming it was there. I knew her name and birthdate, which ought to be enough.

“So what actual birthdate did you put in for me in your system? I’d like to know when I can look into driving or an after-school job.”

“Mid-year, July 2nd. It keeps your age in sync with the average for your school grade.”

“And you couldn’t let me choose?”

“If I had you’d have chosen something in January. You need to focus on school right now Simon, besides its default for people with unknown DOBs.”

“So how long is getting an SSN and all the other crap for an identity going to take?”

“Two weeks at the minimum, maybe as long as six. I’m sorry I could not find anything further about your identity Simon, I really tried.”

I sighed. Do I need an identity? Probably, though there could be some advantages to ‘not being in the system.’ I did not want to still be sticking around here in six weeks. I checked the age on my status sheet and noted the time. It still said 15. I’d been doing this every day, sometime multiple times. Eventually, I assumed it would flip to 16 and I’d discover my birthday via the day before having said 15.

I made a fake cough, which aggravated my cold, and it turned into a real cough which I exaggerated heavily, which made it worse.

“Can I get some water?” I said hoarsely.

“There is a water fountain in the hall near the bathrooms.”

“No I mean can you get me a cup or a glass, please? I don’t want to have to get up every few minutes.” Meaning, just get up from your desk damn it.

“Fine, just a moment.” Mrs. Pearson said as she finally stood up and walked away.

As soon as she was out of sight I toggled the power supply switch on the back of her computer so it rebooted, and got my free camera into a ready position. Then I waited for her to return.

Grabbing the water she proffered to my extended hand was still difficult when my sense were directed at her screen and keyboard.

“Did you do something to my computer?”

I shook my head no as I awkwardly drink the water. Mrs. Pearson logged back in to her machine and brought all her programs back up, while I recorded all of it.

“So what’s it like working here? You come in early much?”

“Sometimes”

“About when?”

“What’s that mater Simon we need to talk more about your school. The Beckett’s have informed me that of your teachers have complained about your behavior and participation.”

“I’m just curious. What time do you usually get in?”

She sighed. “About 8 am, occasionally earlier. You’ve done very poorly in History and English.”

“That’s early, are you the first person in here in the morning?”

“No Simon, I’m not. You’re doing well in your other classes, why can’t you make an effort in those?”

“It’s pretty late in the afternoon, am I your last, um what do you call it, charge? Appointment? Case? You get out of here at 5?”

“Yes, and I’d like to, we’re rather overworked, and avoiding my questions isn’t helping.”

“History and English hold no interest to me, but I don’t get what the problem is. I attend and I’ve done my homework and crap.” At least I have for now, if the XP gains dwindle to nothing then fuck that. Mrs. Pearson said something more but I was too busy trying to restore my camera mode back to normal because lurching around while violently coughing while my perceptive view was elsewhere was giving me a headache.

When I was back to normal, I chugged down the rest of the water. “Ugh, my cold is making me nauseous too. I need to use the bathroom.” I lied while clutching my stomach.

“Alright go”

“Hmm, I might be a while.” I said as I departed for the hall.

Once securely isolated in the stall I switched back to free camera mode and roamed my view around the building. I had noticed the security panel on the way in, but hadn’t caught the name. I rectified that and proceeded with a thorough examination of the premises making liberal use of Observe.

The local CPS office was a just one section of a generic government office building. It was a single floor, tucked off in a set of suites that was reminiscent of a cheap strip mall. Maybe once upon a time it was a strip mall. It wasn’t exactly high security but there were a couple ceiling cameras. It was filled with cheap fluorescent lighting and grey cubicles. The paint and flooring looked like it hadn’t been updated since the 70’s. There were a few personal offices for middle management bureaucrats along the walls apart from the larger open space of cubicles. No windows except for the wall that composed the ‘store front’ which were all covered by closed generic brown blinds. There was a single rear door entry in the back that lead to a loading dock and a dumpster.

The only other rooms were some storage closets. Most were for janitor and building maintenance supplies. One looked like it had active VCRs, probably for the cameras. Observe confirmed that. Another room also had a camera, a wheeled safe, and shelves of various items placed in open labeled boxes. The labels had people’s names, ages and case numbers. Given the ages ranged from infant to teenager, it seems this was where the stash of personal effect were being held for whatever reason, ranging from clothes to toys to electronics.

I moved my camera view back over to the wheeled safe, threw an Observe at it, then moved my camera to inside the safe, and turned on my flashlight theme. It was difficult to view individual objects in the cramped viewing space, especially when the camera was required to be so close. Observe here helped, indicating various bits of Jewelry, some knives, and…

    Colt M1911A1 Handgun

    This pistol is in surprisingly good condition for its age given that it was manufactured in 1939. It has obviously been well maintained through the years.

    It is chambered 0.45 ACP. It supports a grip housed box magazine which can hold 7 rounds. The box magazine is currently missing. The weapon is unloaded. The safety is on.

    This weapon last belonged to Hector Mendez and was claimed by his daughter Julia. It was later confiscated by the Houston PD and Texas CPS on the grounds of illegal possession of a firearm by a minor.

    Item Durability: 25/25 (Hardened)
    Ammo: 0/7
    Damage: 12-240 HP



Well, holy crap. A lot more info since the last time I observed this thing. Up to 240 HP damage? Is that without criticals? I need to work on my CON and Gamer’s Body more. Another notification went off and I found yet another new quest.

    Gun Smuggler
    Now that you know where it is, return Julia’s gun to her.

    Part 1: Retrieve it from the safe without getting caught
    Time Limit: March 1st, 2010
    Success: +250 XP
    Failure: Not having a gun when you need one.

    Part 2: Return it to Julia
    Time Limit: April 12th
    Success: +400 XP, increased relationship with Julia Mendez
    Failure: ???



Of course, of course that comes next. Well might as well, since I plan on breaking into this place eventually if I don’t hear back from her. I might as well accept it. Wait where the hell am I going to hide that thing?

“Simon Anderson? Are you in here?” Some male voice yelled from the front of the bathroom. “Mrs. Pearson said it’s time to go.”

I swapped my camera modes back to normal and flushed the toilet for authenticity’s sake. I guess I had enough info for now.

“Alright, I wish we could have had more time but I didn’t think you’d be in there that long.” Mrs. Pearson said as I got back to her desk. “I’ll let you know when our next scheduled appointment will be. I should have more info on getting all your identity in order by then.”

“Let me know how? They still have my phone.”

“Your grounding isn’t done yet hmm? You haven’t made it worse have you from your class behavior?”

“It’s supposed to be over with today. I’ll see if that’s true when I get back.”

It turns out the Beckett’s actually did end my grounding, and gave me back my phone. They still didn’t commit to being able to take me to the repair shop though, just ‘when there is time’. Whatever, I’ll just do it myself anyway then. Release from grounding didn’t get me out of homework or chores though.

Wednesday, January 27th, 2010

Your Programming skill has increased by 1
You have unlocked the Syntax Swapper feature for Programming.

Hmm, that’s neat.

You may gain the ‘IDEs’ specialty for Computers.

Uhh, yeah. Integrated Development Environment, what I’ve been used to program in. Tempted to just keep going with raising base computers skill but no, it’s a trap. Take them when they are offered.

Ok now what? To get a different computer specialty I need to stop programming? Or can I program something that doesn’t use IDE’s like this, what else could let me practice both at the same time? SQL is a programming language using databases, might as well give that a try. I abandoned my practice program and started downloading other stuff to learn about database programming.

School is so boring. One more class of Spanish after this and I should make it out.

You have gained the ‘Polymer Clay’ specialty for Craft (Stone & Pottery)

At least my next Golem is moving toward completion. I do still want to fire it to see what differences that will make.

I meditate again in my boring English class, which in hindsight I need to stop so I can spend that time completing the damn Health Textbook quest. That is the one on a timer, Meditation grinding can wait.

I still got decent gains in stealth for sneaking off campus for lunch, which is good because using stealth I the early morning is tapering off. I finished of a drag from one of the cigs I had bartered for. Math would be next period. Now also a boring class I need to just spend time doing the textbook quest thing to not screw up my specialty pursuits. Hopefully I can use Cody’s algebra textbook again to finish that off.

I wanted to ditch the bus, go to the shop, grounding be damned and fix my phone for sweet XP. But I had the psych session today, and I was close to filling up my Stress bar, and reaching level 5 in Psychology, since I don’t think another specialty is coming.

****​

“We’ll we didn’t cover quite as much as though we might but I think we made good ground. Not many patients want to know the ins and outs of the psychology field itself. If it interests you that much, you should consider pursuing it in college. What about your thoughts on the whole self-identity issue?”

“I guess, I made my peace with that now. Getting some closure at the memorial was helpful.”

“You also hinted at an episode at the beach, do you want to elaborate on that further?”

“I suppose, see. I want to put some more of the exposure therapy stuff to practice; the ocean seemed like a good choice to try…”

Your Psychology skill has increased by 1
You have unlocked the Personality Types interface feature for Psychology

Well, I had to finish off my research at home to get that. Couldn’t quite fully level up during the session today. What is this? Something new to mess with on my interface? I used Parapedia Observe on the feature to get more details. Seems everyone on my relationship sheet that isn’t categorized as a stranger, now gets a little four letter code of the supposed 16 personality types. What is Julia’s? INTP, ‘The Thinker’. Rachel’s is INFJ, ‘The Counselor’. What am I? Observing myself got me, INTJ, ‘The Mastermind’. Meh, these things are kinda generic and shallow. Whatever, at least I get some Gamer’s Interface gains out of it, for however long that lasts.

You have learned a new thing about yourself: Your personality type is INTJ, ‘The Mastermind’
Your Create Mana Golem skill has increased by 1

Ohh, nice…. And the gain is back down to a trickle again.

Thursday, January 28th, 2010

I blurred through the day coasting on auto-pilot. Did my computer stuff in the morning, went to class, did actual work in biology worked on health in history. Did actual work in health class, snuck off campus for lunch, and found myself in last period.

The coach stared at me as I started doing jumping jacks and standing jumps again. “Are you even going to try to run today?” he asked.

“Nope.”

You have gained the ‘Jumping’ specialty for Athletics

Perfect. I activated stealth again and snuck off to the showers before everyone else got there, then slunk off to wait at the bus pickup.

I snagged Rachel as she came outside school. “Hey”

“Sup”

“When they ask where the hell I am tell them I went to a store, and I said I’d be back before nine. Maybe they won’t call the cops on me this time.”

“Yeah, that’s gonna go over well.”

“Don’t care see you later, maybe we can homework trade again tonight Geo for Spanish?”

“K, Later”

****​

Despite trying, America wasn’t a nation that did much haggling. I couldn’t budge the repair guy down from his price, even offer to try and do some myself. I realize that no, I probably shouldn’t. It was clear I had more to learn. But it was at least over and done with. The phone was repair, and in my pocket.

The problem was, I could not afford to also purchase the battery it needed, or a prepaid plan. I stared at the battery in its large anti-theft packaging and looked around. There were cameras, it was a small shop, and in clear view of the counter. Plus I just interacted with this guy a lot, they knew my email too.

“This battery sold any cheaper elsewhere?”

“You can try wal-mart.”

“Where’s that at? I’d look it up on my phone, but you know.” He drew me a map and I was off.

I cost me more in bus fare than I had wanted to spent, but I was soon in the land of the unwashed masses. I passed a fat guy in a three wolf moon shirt on a mobility scooter shouting at some white trash lady with missing teeth.

I passed an old man wearing pants printed like the American flag. The overhead intercom buzzed with ‘Code Yellow on aisle 12, code Yellow on aisle 12.’ Ah, people of wal-mart. My uses of Observe was giving me TMI that I really, really didn’t want to know. I zigzagged past two slow walking fat ladies and made it into the electronics store. The pimply faced teenager behind the counter not much older than myself had no idea what I was talking about, so I found the battery myself. Yeah. How was I going to do this? Also how to get it open? Fuck I should have gotten a cart.

Cart now in hard, I grabbed some heavy duty scissors from the home and kitchen section, then went to the clothing section and picked out a couple pairs of jeans. Activating stealth I kept watch on the eyeball people counter until it was sufficently low that I folded the battery and shears into the pairs of pants, and heading toward the fitting rooms. Last time stealth was of limited use in a well lit store, this time it was hit or miss, but the eyeball was quite useful. I waited for the opportune moment to slip past the fitting checked and found an empty stall.

I cut away the packaging and put the battery into my phone. Bingo everything workled, except for the lack of a plan. I continued to cut the battery packing up into little pieces then put them all into the pockets of the pants I was carrying as well as the shears. I used free camera to check if the stall next to me was empty then slipped the laden pants over the top and let them fall. I left with the other pair and put them back on the shelf.

I couldn’t help but noticed that not one person actually gave one iota of a crap about my nefarious activities. So why am I still wandering around the store pretended to browse? You have a working phone now, but the quest completion didn’t trigger yet. Why? Just stop being a wuss a leave before you miss the bus.

The notifications hit might right as I stepped outside.

Your Stealth skill has increased by 1
For performing a repeated action you may gain the Thievery skill.

Repeated action? I only stole one thing. Last time I stole stuff was when I was looting and when I took the screwdriver off that dude who was repairing a generator at the camp in Galveston. Why didn’t it trigger earlier? Did looting not count? How long does it remember those things? Parapedia, “Observe”

    Thievery (PER, AGI) (Active) Level: 0 (0.00%)
    This skill allows you to perform a range of activates related to theft and slight of hand.

    Increased skill level enables greater feats of mischief and synergy with related skills.

    Specialties: none
    Features Unlocked: None



So, it’s not just theft and such but sleight of hand too? Games always did rogue skills weird. Like how lock-picking is more than just mechanical locks. Sounds good though, I mean I don’t really want to be a villainous thief, but I’m poor, and traveling to New Hampshire isn’t going to be cheap. I click this ‘Y’ button to accept. Good I met all the requirements for that one.

And the last notification?

    Quest Who You Gonna call? Complete

    Obtain a smartphone with internet capability. What? You think you’re gonna look at Pr0n on the public computer?
    Success: +300 XP, a smartphone.



Finally.

****​

After bus fare home, all I had was $1.58 to my name, even with hoarding my lunch money.

Grim faces met me at the door. They searched me, because of course they did.

“Where is your phone?”

“At the repair shop” I lied. “I told you I needed to go there, I wasn’t willing to wait for it to be convenient for you when I had my own means.” It was actually in the carved out square I had made in the Geometry book.

“You’re grounded again through this weekend at least, probably longer.”

“Whatever, I don’t care. Guess that means I can’t do any after school programs.” Drama club could have been interesting. Really though, none of this needs to matter anymore. It’s just pretense. I’ll leave when I need to grounding or not. I still needed an actual phone number. I guess VOIP can make do, except they won’t let me use the computer to sign up for one. Fuck you very much. Screw this it’s almost nine. I’m going to eat and go to sleep.

Friday, January 29th, 2010

Your Language-Spanish skill has increased by 1
You have unlocked the Perfect Fluency feature for Language-Spanish
Your Language-Spanish skill has reached MAX rank

Well Spanish has become another useless class now. At least I finished my Golem art project. I didn’t make the golem yet that part will be later. I made a clay dog, or at least my best representation of one. Also the teacher told me that I could not put a 40 lb. solid mass of clay in the kiln because it would never fire correctly and probably shatter due to uneven heating. I had to hollow cut it in half, hollow it out and then smushed it back together. So I’m left with about 30 lbs. of clay remaining, Guess I can make other smaller ones. I left it at school, to be fired on Tuesday. It was too big for my backpack plus books and would have left wet clay smudges everywhere.

The rest of my classes I just worked on the stupid health textbook quest. It was taking too long I needed to find a shortcut.

Instead of sneaking off campus for lunch I went to the library and used the computers there to setup a VOIP number and tested it on my phone’s Wifi. At least I had something to send her now. Still no email from Julia though, damn.. I sent a second email to her anyway with my new phone number.

****​

“It was supposed to be 10 cigs not 8, James.” I said as I pulled out the copied Biology homework and put it in front of me.

“I couldn’t get that many, my dad is probably gonna be pissed already for these going missing.”

“Alright fine, but you need to realize I’m doing you a favor here. Also make sure when you copy this onto your own paper, you put some variation into the phrasing of the answers; and for the love of god don’t just hand the homework photo copy. Donnie did that and got a big fat zero and made the teacher start wondering where these were coming from.”

“Yeah sure, I won’t do that. Though why haven’t you got suspected yet? And why can’t you just make a variation copy instead of a mass produced one? “

“Because I’m not stupid James. I Make two versions of my homework, one I turn in, and one I used to make copies from. I make sure they are different enough from each other to dissuade someone from looking too close. Further more making some custom variation takes time, James. Time cost money. Now if you want to pony up some cash and a sample of your handwriting for a James flavored version, then maybe we can talk more., but until then do the copying yourself.”

“Do you have anything for Mrs. Apelbaum’s classes?”

“No I don’t do English or History homework, find someone else for those.”

****​

“1.50 a cig?” That’s insane man. I could buy a pack for just two of those.”

“Like hell you can, packs are $6-$7 bucks each, and you can’t buy them cause your underage.”

“I don’t have 12 bucks. 50 cents each.”

“Well how much do you have? No way to 50 cents. $1.25”

“I got eight bucks. 75 cents each.”

“Well, Rick, I’ll let these go for $1 each, that’s 8 cigs for 8 bucks you got just enough, and they’re the last ones I have for today.”

“Fine.”

“Good deal” I said as I slid the cigs over and took his money.

You have gained the ‘Negotiation’ specialty for Speech

“Hey” Rick asked once more before getting ready to leave. “You got anything that isn’t cigarettes?”

I pondered his question for a moment. “No dude, but I’ll keep that in mind.”

****​

On Friday nights teenagers should be out and about loitering at the mall or making other mischief instead of holed up in the house grounded. I’m holed up her though not because of the ground, but because I need to finish off those quests and its taking the entirety of my free time to do so. I say that, and yet here I am trying to finish off a Math Specialty from Cody’s algebra textbook, instead of focus on the quest.

You have gained the ‘Algebra’ specialty for Mathematics

There, now that should be the last thing before I set my full focus on the textbook quests. I need to find a way to cheat on them though, maybe the letter of the quest instructions? After all, I can just download the Teacher’s edition online tomorrow morning.

Saturday & Sunday, January 30th & 31st, 2010

You have gained the ‘Databases’ specialty for Computers
Your Programming skill has increased by 1

At least that was some measurable progress. I still had to use my computer time in the morning since I was barred from it save use for homework. The entire rest of the weekend I spend on the ridiculous health textbook quest. Near 800 page textbook of utterly boring crap, was really really difficult to get through. I am still not through it yet either, but skill progress in Basic Academics is near 95% I assume something will happen when it hits the next level. I had tried to cheat it, using the teachers edition I downloaded, and reading just the questionnaires and answering them, but it didn’t seem to work. No variation of that worked either, so I was forced to just try the slow slog approached.

The one good thing I got out of it was a complete supply of pre-answered homework (since the teacher is lazy and just does book questions) for the rest of the semester. I’ll need them too. I guess I get to do that for Biology too once I switch back to that.

I looked up bus ticket costs, for travel from Houston to Brockton Bay, New Hampshire, it’s nearly $300 dollars! I have to figure out how to get some money under the radar. Furthermore I don’t even know if that is the city she is in, it’s just the where the main Greyhound terminal is located. The Beckett’s think I am abiding my new grounding, but in reality I just didn’t have a reason to leave yet.

Monday, February 1st, 2010

No progressing in programming this morning I want that quest over and done with and I was so close to completion. School was rapidly becoming useless though. Biology still had some diminishing use, even though I had already move past where we were at currently before swapping my focus to the health quest.

History, I just use to study other subjects, like finally finishing this damn thing.

    Quest Know your Body Completed!
    Read and then successfully answer all the questionnaires in your Health textbook.

    Success: +300 XP, new skill branches



You have automatically gained the ‘Basic Health’ specialty for Basic Academics

And that skill is back down to 9 and 0.00%. Why automatically assigned? Why is that skill so weird? Whatever, it got me the missing requirement for the Medicine skill.

For performing a repeated action you may gain the Medicine skill
You have unlocked the ‘Physical Effects’ bonus feature for Observe

Health class, which I assumed would become useless now, started making gains in medicine. Presumable because we were still doing the First Aid course work. After that stuff is done though? Who knows?

If I did anything in PE, I’d mess up my specialty pursuits, and I can’t do Climbing or Swimming in there like I did for Jumping. So yeah, no, I’m going to skip. My broken arm status effect wears off tomorrow anyway, that should give me more opportunities to try things. For now I got cigs and the last of my pain pills to burn off. That should dull the lecturing I’m going to get when I get back to the house.

Your Drug & Poison Resistance skill has increased by 1

Tuesday, February 2nd, 2010

I finally got back to working programming in the morning since one of the stupid textbook quests is over with. I think I overshot Computer’s last time though since I wanted to finish off a Programming level. What I was really looking forward to today though was when the broken arm timer expired, and I suppose finally sticking ‘Moon-Moon’ in the kiln. Yes, my eventual clay golem dog thing is that stupid looking. Oh and it’s official, Using stealth while sitting at the computer even when up at hours I am not supposed to be awake, has ceased producing any gains.

Now useless Spanish class, went toward the biology textbook quest. In Art I made some final touches to Moon-Moon and put him in the kiln. Useless English class went toward biology textbook quest.

At lunch I watched the timer for my Broken arm status effect tick down to zero and saw the status effect disappear. No notifications, oh right I turned them off for status effects. Hmm, shouldn’t ‘Get Healthy again’ have completed? Oh damn it I’m not at max mana. I put Spider Bong to sleep, now I had to wait for that to fill up, which was going to take more than 10 hours. Great, I should not have even turned Spider-Bong off because it would be better to do that tonight before sleeping and max out MP in the morning. I woke Spider-Bong back up and reset his orders.

Well, fuck it, math was useless now too. I don’t need to attend it anymore. I snuck off campus, went to the park, and climb trees, the monkey bars, and the climbing walls until…

You have gained the ‘Climbing’ specialty for Athletics

****​

“Where the hell have you been again Simon? The school called they said you skipped PE yesterday. If you don’t…”

I hit my interface button to mute voices. I mouthed that I had homework to do, I couldn’t actually hear my voice, and waited for them to stop gesturing. Surprised they didn’t mention me skipping Math class today.

Wednesday, February 3rd, 2010

The fuck? I turned Spider-Bong off before going to sleep, my MP was at max, and still no completion notice for ‘Get Healthy Again’. All my bars were at max. “Status Effects”, these were… wait, what did ‘Get Healthy Again’ say? “Quests”.

    Get Healthy Again!
    Get all your bars to maximum, and eliminate all negative wounds and mental based status effects.

    Time Limit: None
    Success: 300 XP
    Failure: Continued miserableness.



…and mental based status effects. Fuck. PTSD and Mild Depression were still lingering around, almost entirely negative by Gamer’s Mind down to zero. I don’t think Teenage Acne is going to matter because it is not a wound, at least I hope it isn’t. That would be cruel given it has a two-year timer. Fuck, fuckity, fuck, fuck. I was relying on gaining levels to auto-level Gamer’s Mind, and wipe those out. To gain levels I needed XP from this quest. I didn’t plan this right, damn it. I’m going to have to… damn I don’t want to do that again. I don’t want to blow saved skill points either. What can I use to substitute this quest’s XP amount? I don’t think the Fifteen ten is going to be completed by its deadline.

Damn, just damn, back to the grind then while I figure something out.

Your Computers skill has increased by 1

Yep, no specialty. Maybe I should give on them? Almost time to get ready for classes anyway.

In biology and History it was all me working the stupid bio textbook quest, but it was nearly completed.

In Health class, I got…

You have gained the ‘First Aid’ specialty for Medicine.

Woo-hoo, though Health class has now probably become useless.

Why skip PE just once when I can do it twice? I had to go ‘borrow’ a swimsuit from wally-world anyway.

****​

Your Stealth skill has increased by 1
You have gained the ‘Shoplifting’ specialty for Thievery

    Sticky Fingers
    On your way to the path of a rogue, steal 25 items. 2/25 completed.

    Time Limit: March 31st
    Success: 300XP, New Title
    Failure: None



Really? Talk about encouraging bad behavior. So am I a villain? I never did figure out what kind of character type I was, but gee, Lock-picking, Stealth, Thievery, even Speech, given the specialties, and Hacking under Computers of all things, is certainly what I seem to be leading towards. My AGI sucks though most Rogues in RPGs are DEX focus, though AGI and DEX aren’t the same thing. Other Rogues are the INT skill monkeys that maybe I seem to be heading toward? Whatever, awfully convenient that it’s worth 300 XP just the same amount I was lamenting not reaching due to the timing of the Get Healthy again screw up.

I made sure I got home late enough that they would have minimal time to confront and argue with me. Really they are just holding me back at this point. Apart from having a place to sleep, this wasn’t really getting me anywhere I wanted to progress in.

Your Lockpicking skill has increased by 1
Your Stealth skill has increased by 1
Your Programming skill has increased by 1
You have gained the ‘Pottery’ specialty for Artistry
You have gained the ‘Budding Botanist’ specialty for Observe
Your Mathematics skill has increased by 1
Your Disease Resistance skill has increased by 1
Your Programming skill has increased by 1
Your Programming skill has increased by 1
You have unlocked the Syntax Swapper feature for Programming.
You may gain the ‘IDEs’ specialty for Computers.
You have gained the ‘Polymer Clay’ specialty for Craft (Stone & Pottery)
Your Psychology skill has increased by 1
You have unlocked the Personality Types interface feature for Psychology
Your Create Mana Golem skill has increased by 1
You have gained the ‘Jumping’ specialty for Athletics
Your Stealth skill has increased by 1
For performing a repeated action you may gain the Thievery skill.
Your Programming skill has increased by 1
Your Language-Spanish skill has increased by 1
You have unlocked the Perfect Fluency feature for Language-Spanish
Your Language-Spanish skill has reached MAX rank
You have gained the ‘Negotiation’ specialty for Speech
You have gained the ‘Algebra’ specialty for Mathematics
You have gained the ‘Databases’ specialty for Computers
Your Programming skill has increased by 1
You have automatically gained the ‘Basic Health’ specialty for Basic Academics
For performing a repeated action you may gain the Medicine skill
You have unlocked the ‘Physical Effects’ bonus feature for Observe
Your Drug & Poison Resistance skill has increased by 1
You have gained the ‘Climbing’ specialty for Athletics
Your Computers skill has increased by 1
You have gained the ‘First Aid’ specialty for Medicine.
Your Stealth skill has increased by 1
You have gained the ‘Shoplifting’ specialty for Thievery


Name: Simon Clarence Anderson
Gender: Male
Age: 15
Race: Parahuman
Class: Foster Kid / Petty Theif
Faction: None
Money: $19.58
Title: Vermin Stomper
Level: 9 (58.78%)
XP: 7375

Primary Attributes
STR: 7 (0.00) 7.00 (60.97%)
AGI: 6 (0.00) 6.00 (89.86%)
CON: 11 (0.00) 11.00 (4.85%)
INT: 21 (-0.38) 20.62 (54.87%)
PER: 11 (0.00) 11.00 (44.88%)
WIS: 20 (-0.38) 19.62 (95.67%)
CHA: 12 (-0.06) 11.94 (77.69%)
LUC: 10 (0.00) 10.00 (25.61%)
Unspent Points: 23

Secondary Attributes
Health Pool: 231/231
Stamina Pool: 209/209
Mana Pool: 48/2362
Stress Pool: 410/410

Attack: 7.50
Speed: 2.70
Dodge: 9.98
Armor: 0.20
Carry: 70.00
Allure: 2.50

Skills
Max Slots: 40
Free Skill Slots: 9
Artistry: 6 (62.24%)
Athletics: 5 (0.00%)
Basic Academics: 9 (0.00%)
Computers: 8 (0.00%)
Crafting (Stone & Pottery): 6 (47.97%)
Create Mana Golem: 6 (80.09%)
Disease Resistance: 6 (50.17%)
Drug & Poison Resistance: 8 (1.02%)
Empathy: 7 (59.95%)
Firearms: 1 (0.00%)
Gamer’s Body: 13 (34.91%)
Gamer’s Interface: 23 (37.76%)
Gamer’s Mind: 22 (1.09%)
Language-English: MAX (0.00%)
Language-Spanish: MAX (0.00%)
Lockpicking: 9 (4.98%)
Mathematics: 3 (0.00%)
Medicine: 1 (0.00%)
Meditation: 10 (69.54%)
Null Resistance: 3 (13.69%)
Observe: 11 (47.57%)
Parahuman Lore: 6 (47.86%)
Programming: 7 (58.63%)
Psychology: 5 (0.00%)
Science (Earth): 1 (0.00%)
Speech: 5 (0.00%)
Stealth: 8 (3.56%)
Strategy: 1 (0.00%)
Thievery: 1 (0.00%)
Vehicle Operations: 3 (0.00%)
Video Games: 26 (5.87%)
Unspent Skill Points: 9

Perks
Free Perk Slots: 0
Gaia's Blessing: Mana Pool and Mana Skill access
Gaia's Attunement: Elemental Affinity access
Light Sleeper: Need only 5 hours to get fully rested
Mana Reserve: Bonus MP per level increased by 25%

Flaws
Selective Amnesia: We had to make room for stuff in your head
A Bit of a Troll: Sometimes you just can't help yourself
Unnatural Curiosity: Can't always resist the urge to find stuff out

Cheaty Powers
Invisible Light Source: White on White Interface Theme
Language Comprehension: Multi-lingual subtitles
Limited Remote Viewing: Free & Third Person Camera Modes
Limited Microscopic View: Free Camera Zoom In
Distracting Sound: Profanity filter
See in Darkness: Contrast, Brightness & Gamma Correction
Super Hearing: Selective volume controls
Audio Filtering: Selective channel muting
Sound Protection: Built in decibel control
Personal Jukebox: Broadcast Music library
FRAPS: Record and playback from Camera POV
