Thursday, February 4th, 2010

The next morning I was back in the office again stealthily practicing opening the safe, once, twice, thrice, as many times as I dared so long as skills rose. My cold wasn’t an issue anymore, so I took the risk, heading out at the first sound of shifting in the Beckett’s room. False alarm it seems, but not worth going back downstairs again.

I was loathe to pursue the Fifteen-ten quest, seems like a loss of chances at specialties, but Lock-picking and Stealth didn’t have them, and I probably need the practice. Level 10 skill features in them could prove useful. Still, there was no harm in getting as close to completing it as I could just in case. Computers and Programming took up the rest of my morning once again till everyone began waking. A specialty in computers would get missed again, but I couldn’t even think of what to pursue right now anyway.

The Beckett’s had a chat with me at breakfast, about behavior, skipping, responsibilities, and so on. I was polite and listened intently, I considered their points of view, and internalized them. After-all, doing that helped me grind Empathy, it even made me feel bad about nodding along and promising to try and do better when I knew I wouldn’t.

****​

“So what’s been up with you lately?”

I looked up at Rachel from the biology textbook I was still trying to cram through during Spanish. “What do ya mean?”

“I heard you getting lectured at this morning. Skipping, not caring about school. Seems odd, cause despite that, you sure as hell have had your nose stuck in textbooks lately. Just wonderin’ what was going on.”

I shrugged. “I care about classes that are useful to me, the rest are a waste of time.”

“What about this class? Useful or a waste?”

“Before, useful, now? Not so much. I learned all the Spanish I need.”

“En Serio?” Rachel said in somewhat disbelief. “¿Es eso así? y lo aprendiste tan rápido, ¿cómo?”

“Yo…” hmm, so she noticed my excessive rapid progress. Was she testing me? “Amensia. Ya lo sabia, al menos recordé algo de mi vida” I sort-of lied, it might even actually be the truth. Maybe I really did already know Spanish in whatever my prior life that I can’t remember was. Maybe even with the power cheat it progressed more rapidly than it might have because that was the case. One of the ethnicity slots on my status sheet says Hispanic, and I look the part well enough. “What about you, why did you take the class, if you already speak it?” I asked as I looked back to the biology book.

“Same reason all the Hispanic kids do. Easy A, if you know the grammar, and if you actually do the work.”

“Meh, your concern for my education is touching, and misplaced.”

“I don’t give a shit about your education. Teacher gave us a group assignment and you’re just reading biology. I don’t want a crap grade. That’s near the end of the book anyway, isn’t that way far ahead of where we at?”

I sighed and closed the book. “Yeah sorry, just really close to finishing it off and wanted to be done. What the hell is our assignment?”

****​

You Artistry skill has increased by 1
Your Craft (Stone & Pottery) skill has increased by 1

Both notifications fired off as I took Moon-Moon out of the kiln in Art. He was as ridiculous looking as expected. Very obviously a ceramic dog, would probably have to paint him. Maybe I could glue fur on it so it is harder to tell it’s not real from far away? Hmm instant gain on both skill, and both stopped at 0% because of specialty capping, at least they are even now once again. I pressured the teacher to give me a grade on it now, rather than later because, there might not be a later, and I wanted to take it to the house to Golemize sometime this weekend.

I’ve done the pottery side, what about stone?

“Hey can my next project be Sculpture?” I asked the art teacher. Why did I ask though, will be around long enough for another project?

“We don’t even have the tools for that.”

“Just hammer and chisel right?” Something to add to my ‘shopping list’, perhaps.

“Yes, though different shapes and sizes for each to produce different types of cuts and cleaves.”

“And I guess a block of marble.”

“I really wouldn’t even recommend pursuing sculpture at this stage, there are plenty of other basics to learn first Simon.”

“Yeah, but for future knowledge, if I wanted to on my own time?”

“For one, don’t even start with marble, it’s too difficult and expensive for a beginner to waste. If you’re going to do this anyway, try something easier to work, soapstone. It’s not as hard of a stone.”

“Okay, thanks.” Of course, marble is too hard; I should know that, I got a specialty in Geology for the Earth Science skill. Hmm guess those will come in handy for future stuff related to that. I opened up my interface notes again and looked at my growing shopping list.

Hammers and Chisels, Soapstone, More clay, Costume: gloves, hoodie, face scarf or mask, full face sunglasses or goggles, face paint?

****​

    Quest Completed: Know of Life
    Read and then successfully answer all the questionnaires in your Biology textbook.

    Success: +300 XP, Science (Biology) skill + free botany specialty



And finally! At least English wasn’t having any group assignments. Biology huh? Do I have a reason not to accept it especially after all this work? Parapedia, always Parapedia they heck out of them before deciding. Also why Botany? Of all the various biology related topics why Botany for free? The book touched on a lot of other stuff more often than botany. Don’t I now enough botany already with all the damn plants I had to examine to get past that stupid budding botanist observe specialty?

    Science (Biology) (INT, WIS) (Passive): Level 0 (0.00%)
    One of the many sciences, this represents the study of biology and life, its processes, evolution, and mechanisms.

    Specialties acquired:
    Botany (+1 Plant affinity)
    Features unlocked: None



Also what the hell are affinities? I’ve seen them before, but kept ignoring them. Plant affinity for Botany? Earth affinity for Geology? Is that some game function I haven’t explored yet? Something mentioned those somewhere.

    Gaia’s Attunement:
    You have the ability to acquire affinities with various elements. With enough affinity you can attune yourself to the element to call on them for aid.



Some other master or summoning ability? Why didn’t I pay attention to this before? What is my progress in those? How many elements are there? The classical four? Earth, Air, Water, Fire? Can’t just be the classical four or there wouldn’t be a ‘Plant Affinity’. Also who or what the hell is Gaia? I never did figure that out either. Is there some other access menu? “Affinities”

    Current Affinities:

    Earth: 2




    Plant: 0



I sighed. That’s rather limited in the information it tells me. How many are there? What types are there? How much affinity is needed to do something? How do I get more? Let’s see one Earth one came from the geology specialty, and the other came from a feature on Craft (Stone & Pottery). Wait plant zero? Oh right need to accept the Science (Biology) skill. There now it says 1. So plant comes from the botany specialty. Will more craft and science skill or specialties gain more?

By the time I did another exhaustive search through my interface, still only marginal gains in Gamer’s Interface, the bell rang for lunch. I snuck off campus again to smoke and do some trades.

****​

“What no biology this time?” Rachel asked stirring me from my Meditation practice. In my constant focus on the textbook quests, I had been ignoring that skill.

“I finished it.” I glanced at the clock; Math class was a bit more than half over. I had considered skipping it but wanted to avoid the complications for now. “Means I can trade out bio homework to the years end.”

“And stop caring about biology class?”

“Eh.. I still like biology, for now.”

“We have a test Friday next week if you have been paying attention. Homework trades won’t help with that.”

“Shit, that’s gonna screw up my math skill plans.”

“Your what?”

“Hey do you have a license yet?” I asked deflecting the question.

“No, should have but no. Wouldn’t matter much anyway without a car.”

“Should have?”

“I was taking driver’s ed classes during winter break, then shit happened and it got interrupted.”

“Beckett’s even going to let you finish? When you turn 16?”

“Early last December, they won’t let me try for my license till summer. Maybe get a summer job then too. Sick of being broke. Still won’t get me a car. Why you asking?”

“Just curious. You’d think they want other kids with licenses more to handle more of their constantly too busy errands. Annoying I can’t get other shit done cause they’re too busy.”

“Thomas and Janet have one, but no cars and that’s the main problem.”

“Thomas is an asshole, I wouldn’t ask him if he did have one.”

“Yeah, and Janet might be moving out soon.”

“What really?”

“Yeah, she’s just here as a temporary place to stay. Since she got a sorta free diploma school isn’t keeping her here. She wants to emancipate herself, move in with a friend and get a job.”

“Emancipate? Really, how?”

Rachel shrugged. “Have to be 17, I know that much, and a bunch of other requirements.”

“Damn. Hey you got any more --” I held two fingers up to my mouth in a smoking gesture. “ for after class.”

“Maybe...”

“I need to get rid of something before we get on the bus too.” The teacher then shushed us for talking and I went back to pretending to pay attention while I meditated.

“What do you have?” Rachel asked after the bell rang and left math class.

“Mini-Rum bottle I traded some vouchers and homework for. It’s warm though, gotta get rid of it before getting to the house.”

“Oh, hey, wait a minute.” Rachel said and she went up to a vending machine, dropped some dollar coins in and snagged two coke cans.

We went outside and went round the tall bushes several kids used to stay out of sight. After chugged down enough soda to make room for the rum, we split it, and Rachel shared more cigs with me.

“How come you manage to get so many more often?”

“A lot easier for a girl to flirt a bit and bum smokes off a senior.”

“But I thought you didn’t like—“

“I don’t, but they don’t know that, I do like my nicotine fix though.”

Your Empathy skill has increased by 1
+2 relationship with Rachel Zamora

Hmm, relationship 111 now. “Yeah, very Observe-ant, guess we should catch the bus back to the house.”

    Name: Rachel Anna Zamora
    Level: 7
    Alias: None
    Gender: Female
    Age: 16
    Ethnicity: Hispanic
    Race: Human
    Class: Foster Kid / High School Student
    Faction: None

    STR: 11 (+0.0) 11
    AGI: 13 (??) ??
    CON: 15 (??) ??
    INT: ?? (??) ??
    PER: ?? (??) ??
    WIS: ?? (??) ??
    CHA: 15 (??) ??
    LUC: ?? (??) ??

    Allure: 4.5
    Armor: ??
    Speed: ??
    Attack: ??
    Dodge: ??

    Health: 260/260
    Stamina: 280/280
    Stress: ??/??
    H/T/F: ...

    Summary Description:
    Born 12/09/1993, Rachel is a 16 year old survivor from the Galveston 2009 Leviathan attack. She lost her family, girlfriend and home during and in the aftermath of the devastation. She is currently a ward of the state of Texas emplaced into the foster care system. Despite the hardships and grief she has endured she has remained tough and stubborn in the face of these setbacks, due to a strong will and a sense of perseverance that has instilled into from her family and upbringing.

    While counseling and recent friendships have help lighten the load of her stress, she still occasionally self-medicates with drugs and alcohol to alleviate stress and temporarily escape from her problems.

    ...

    She has shoulder length straight, jet-black hair, dark brown eyes and unblemished light coffee colored skin. She is 5’7” tall, and weighs around 135 lbs. Despite a slightly lanky build, she still has a moderately curvy figure.

    Currently Feeling: Buzzed, Calm, Thoughtful, Uncomfortable, Curious
    Known Status Effects:
    Mental: Mild Depression, Mild Post Traumatic Stress Disorder, Claustrophobia, Nicotine Addition
    Physical: Chilled, Cramps, Soreness, Lung Irritation, Increased cancer risk: (Lung, Mouth, Throat).



****​

After finishing stupid homework for ever more diminishing minor XP, I got a chance to use the computer again. If I was going to try the fifteen ten skill quest thing, it would be good if I could get that stupid level 9 Basic Academics up to 10, but the skill was weird. It seems to simply represent generic education, but given only Health had allowed it to be raised, and then got hit with an auto-specialty; however it worked was unknown to me. What gets it to a level 10? Merely graduating? That will take too long. What are the high school requirements anyway? Four years English, 3 math, 3 science, 2 history/social studies, 0.5 years of health, economics and government, 1.5 years PE, 2 years foreign language.

I have most all that crap. At least I do for all the specialties I have in it, Health was the only class that managed to put point in that skill until I got ‘Basic Health’ as a specialty. I got Basic Literacy and Literature, that’s gotta cover English. I have likewise for Social studies and history, mathematics, science, and so on. The only ones possibly not included are Economics and Government. But shouldn’t government be part of social studies and economics part of Math? I was just guessing in the dark here. Truth was it was not predictable enough to count on.

I went back to programming for a while until I had to give up the computer again. With my textbook quests completed, I didn’t have much else to do. I could mess with art and clay again outside, but I’d be giving up specialties in both again. What was more valuable, easier specialty gain or the 300 XP from the quest? Even if more difficult, the specialties I can try again later for, the quest has a fixed deadline. I ended up going outside and messing with the clay anyway all evening with only a break for dinner.

Friday, February 5th, 2010

I spent yet another morning practicing lock picking and stealth on the office safe, and doing more programming on the computer until it was time to leave for school again. One of these days though someone is gonna wake up early and come out. I need to make that 10th level soon.

I had a Biology test today. Since it didn’t cover Botany I didn’t mind the Science (Biology) gain sI was getting. I consistent subject might even let me get a specialty again. Hopefully I won’t see this one get messed up as much as Mathematics was. I finished early and meditating the rest of class.

History was also once again ignored in favor of meditating; Health class was almost the same sparing the group work we did, which was finishing up the first aid class work. I think that screwed me out of another Medicine specialty at level 1.

Hmm, the Economics class and Health class did share the same class room. Econ teacher is always leaving their stuff up on the chalk board. Yep there are unassigned Econ textbooks in the cabinets, I pulled out and began flipping through it.

    Supply and Demand
    Read and then successfully answer all the questionnaires in your Economics textbook.

    Time Limit: May 12th, 2011
    Success: 300 XP, new skill branches.
    Failure: More frequent poor money making decisions.



Fuck, of course it does this to me, another textbook quest. Wait my Economics Textbook? It’s not actually mine; I’m not taking the damn class. At least the deadline is far off, because I sure as shit am not tackling that quest any time soon. I read the first few pages while checking my skills screen. Yep, after gaining 0.01 in Basic Academics, it confirmed my suspicions. I looked around the classroom, turned on stealth, and dropped the book into my book-bag when no one was looking.

3 of 25 items stolen for the quest Sticky Fingers

Yes, my Economics textbook indeed. Also, fuck PE today. I’m not screwing up Athletics, I got plans tomorrow. I’d skip but I can just sit and meditate with non-participation.

****​

Your Create Mana Golem skill has increased by 1

That’s what I had been waiting for all day. I had also spent the rest of the evening grinding Art and Craft. Even though I wanted too, I wasn’t going to Golemize Moon-moon until tomorrow. I was waiting for that next level first just so it would be available in case it made a difference. I also wanted max mana before I tried, but spent most of it keeping Spider-Bong awake today. I turned Spider-Bong off two hours before bed prepared for tomorrow and then woke him up again before going to sleep. That ought to still leave me with enough to have Max MP in the morning if I put him back to sleep again right away after getting up.

Saturday, February 6th, 2010

Your Stealth skill has increased by 1
Your Lockpicking skill has increased by 1
You have unlocked the Speed-pick feature for Lockpicking
7 of 15 skills now at level 10 for the Fifteen-Ten quest

Finally. I was really pushing my luck after being in here for a couple hours practicing on that safe. I’m still not sure if I can get 8 more at level 10 in a week though. I managed to sit down at the computer for a bit before I finally heard a bit of stirring earlier than usual. Scrying reveal Mr. Beckett was awake but still in their room.

Your Programming skill has increased by 1

I was pushing my luck again with this too, I should have left by 6am as soon as the alarm changed modes and I could slip out the door, I was just so close to leveling it though I stayed longer than I intended. I shut the computer down, grabbed my backpack and raided the fridge for breakfast and lunch later, left a note and slipped out the back door under stealth just as I heard the Beckett’s coming out into the living room. I wasn’t running off yet, I still had shit to prepare. I’d be getting a major lecture and who knows what else later, but I was past caring. It’s only because I didn’t have a place to sleep elsewhere yet.

I got behind the shed but my stealth broke for some reason. The eye showed 1 person watching, but I was out of sight of the back door. I turned around and looked up and caught a glimpse of the girl’s window curtain moving upstairs. Someone ducked away and it closed right as I turned. A quick use of scry showed Rachel was the only one up and awake up stairs. Interesting, but no time to dwell on it right now. I slipped out the alley gate and went to the park.

****​

I sat at the same picnic table where I had made Spider-Bong. At least I didn’t need to make anything from clay first this time. I pulled Moon-moon out of my backpack and got to work. Moon-moon was a little over 10 lbs. of ceramic, less than the original weight of the class, because it lost water weight in the kiln. “Imbue Mana Golem” A new menu popped up.

    Select reinforcement level: 0-3

    Each level of reinforcement multiplies the base imbuement cost of the mana. This increased cost does not affect the awaken cost of the Golem, which is still calculated normally.



Dang, I almost had enough to get a reinforcement level of 4 did I want to do that? I could get more mana form increased in INT or WIS, and had 23 unspent points. Not sure if I should though. I risked some MP use Parapedia on my stats. INT was 58.76% toward the next gain, WIS was 95.67%, dang I should try to get that one topped over soon. I didn’t know what would happen to my current progress percentage when I bumped it up a level. Guess there is only one was to find out.

I put one point into INT, my Max MP jumped up to 2475, and I spend 2 more MP for Parapedia to recheck my next INT progress. It had gotten zeroed out. Well, now I know. Don’t buy stat points when they are close to leveling. I then spent 2,444 MP to Imbue Moon-Moon with level 4 reinforcement, whatever that means. It took god-damned forever to finish, much longer than last time, while I looked like a goober with my hand touching a ceramic dog.

When it was finally done, I didn’t even have enough MP left to wake it up, not for at least another hour at the minimum.

    Name: Moon-Moon
    Level: 4
    Creator: Simon Anderson
    Controller: Simon Anderson
    Quality: Somewhat Crude
    Size: Small
    Weight: 10.44 lbs.

    STR: 5 (0) 5
    AGI: 6 (+4) 10
    CON: 5 (0) 5
    INT: 0 (0) 0
    PER: 4 (0) 4
    WIS: 0 (0) 0
    CHA: 0 (0) 0
    LUC: 0 (0) 0

    Armor: 4.0
    Speed: 2.83
    Attack: 5.5
    Dodge: 8.0

    Health: 288/288
    Material Type: Simple Ceramic
    Material Multiplier: 2
    Reinforcement Level: 4
    Total Damage Resist: 42

    Golems are immune to all non-movement binding status effects. They cannot gain XP. They are destroyed when they reach 0 HP. Their natural armor value is dependent on the material from which they were crafted and their reinforcement level when created. Their physical stats and HP are related to the type and mass of material from which they are created. Their movement, speed, and ability to execute commands well, are dependent on the quality and nature of their construction.

    Function follows form and aesthetics. A golem cannot move without limbs of some kind to propel itself with, and cannot grasp without hands or claws, etc.



Jesus, 288 HP? That’s more than me for something only 10 pounds? Still, the max damage from Julia’s Gun could take out most of its HP. What does it’s Damage Resist do? Is it just pure damage negation or soak or what? Probably never know until I see one in combat.

Well the skill gain was a lot more than what I was getting for a days’ worth of having Spider-Bong awake executing ineffective commands. So making golems is a lot more efficient than keeping them awake for skill gain. That wasn’t actually surprising, just have not had the chance till now. I should make a lot more little ones in the kiln just to spam grind all the related skills, even if they end up crappy. At least all the new windows and crap gave me minor gains in Gamer’s Interface again.

****​

Spent more of my money to take the bus again, to here, the only indoor pool place I found that was open. Here I was being very hesitant about doing what I was about to do. Last time I told myself it wasn’t worth it, to wait for the level ups to get past this shit. There was no lifeguard on duty, because who goes to the pool in fucking February? This crazy asshole, that’s who. Five bucks to get in though, there was someone at the front office at least, hope I don’t fucking drown myself. I took a few tentative steps into the shallow end.

No safety behind a free camera this time, this is real. This is so fucking real god damn it. At least it is warm, or did I just piss myself? Fucking don’t panic. My feet are still on the bottom, think of your objectives, get that athletic swimming specialty; get that fucking Gamer’s Mind shit over and done with. Leveling up is taking too damn long…

****​

I drug myself out of the pool and fell down in a chair in an exhausted heap and looked at the clock on the wall. I was so damn exhausted. The pulse of several unread notifications were glaring at me.

You may gain the ‘Swimming’ specialty for Athletics.
For practicing your whole-body reflexes you have gained 1 AGI
Your Gamer’s Body Skill has increased by 1
Your Gamer’s Mind skill has increased by 1

Damn it’s been nearly three hours? Gamer’s Body is almost at the next level again. I used some Parapedia to check my stats again, so is CON. That answers that then. I drank almost as much water as I swam in, and ate my lunch to recover the HP I had lost from sinking my Stamina to zero and not stopping when I should have.

I review the rest of my skills, Athletics is still at 5 and 99.99%? It didn’t go up after swimming? Shit I never even accepted it. Wait, the Swimming specialty came first. I was swimming for a good hour after that, I just forgot to accept the thing. Does that mean I can stop gains in a skill by never answering whether or not I want a specialty? Maybe I could leave in in limbo and do other stuff related to that skill without worry. But actually I am done with Athletics. Swimming was the last thing I cared about getting. It’s an easy skill to gain, and I might need it at level 10 if the others are too hard to get there. I clicked yes to accept the swimming specialty and it went back to 5 and 0.00% despite the extra activity that I had done after getting the prompt. I guess that could be useable sometimes.

This mean I can go back to a gym now, especial since my arm is better. Needs to be a different one than before, maybe I can get another free trial thing out of it. I need to recover stamina though, the water helped, but stops helping when the thirst meter is full. I sat in the pool chair and used mediation. I even chanted this time, which I hardly ever get to do, because people are sleeping or I am trying to do it in class while pretending to sleep. I was the only person at the pool here so it didn’t matter. Half an hour later it was enough for me to run if I needed to, which I might after I went shopping this afternoon.

****​

+50 XP for evading security and the cops
Your Thievery skill has increased by 1
Your Thievery skill has increased by 1
9 of 25 items stolen for the quest Sticky Fingers

Shit, I caught my breath next to a tree after dashing across the Wal-Mart parking lot through a field and over a creek. Tried to go for too many things at once. At least I got a semblance of a costume but where the fuck am I going to put some of this shit. Can’t go back to that store for a while, or ever. My future cape costume was not particularly capey, black combat boots, long black trench-coat, ugly dark green and plaid stretchy wool hat, brown scarf and blue tinted ski goggles to hide my face, and some gloves. Functionality mattered more than looks.

I went ahead and changed clothes, not into what I just stole, but the spares I had in my backpack. Just in case they got a description of what I had been wearing. So glad I had rested earlier. By the time I had stealthed my way back to a bus stop several blocks down the street I was rather close to level 10 in it as well.

****​

Your Gamer’s Body Skill has increased by 1
For testing the limits of your endurance and vitality, you have gained 1 CON
Your Athletics skill has increased by 1
For exercising your strength to the point of extreme strain you have gained 1 STR

Once again I was beyond exhausted. I talked my way into another free trial, only three days this time. I had started out just wanting to get Gamer’s Body and my CON to the next level, but that got STR pretty close too, and finally Athletics was also close to have double gains, but I was too tired now. Stamina was barely over zero anyway. I meditated with chanting in the sauna. That had one of those cool. I had never used one before. Couple other visitors probably though I was weird but didn’t care anymore. I discovered that there are things called ‘Environmental’ Status effects. The sauna actually had some beneficial ones that helped recovery rates a bit. They when into effect when you got in the area, were removed when you left. They had lockers I could rent here as well. I rented one and put my stolen crap in there, but my plastic cast back on for the sake of appearances and took the bus back to the house.

****​

“Again Simon? Where the hell have you been this time? After everything we talked to you about.” Mrs. Beckett asked as they searched me yet again.

They didn’t find the cigs or my phone they were still tucked away in my hidey hole in Julia’s old Geometry book. They did take my MP3 player, fuckers. I had forgot to try and hide it though there wasn’t really room. They put it in the safe, while droning about shit I was tuning out. At some point she must have asked me a question, only vaguely recalling something along the lines of what I had to say for myself. So I obliged, “I ask to go somewhere, you say no or are too busy. So I do it myself. Now if you excuse me, I’m not feeling well and need to use the bathroom.”

“Hey don’t walk away from me.”

“I will, unless you want me to piss on the floor. You can lecture me again in the morning.”

“Your Grounded!” she shouted as I went upstairs.

“I think I was already grounded.”

I woke up both Spider-Bong and Moon-Moon this time before resting just to double the gains during the night.

Sunday, February 7th, 2010

I got up super early again like usual. I only got a couple hours of programming practice in on the computer before I heard the Beckett’s bedside alarm go off. I shut the computer off and retreated into the bathroom when I heard one of them coming up stairs. What the fuck were they trying to ambush me? Scry camera showed Mr. Beckett decided it plot down on the upstairs couch silently like he was waited for someone. For me to come out probably, if he even knows I am in the bathroom? No he is staring at the bedroom door sitting in the dark trying to do the parent in the living room thing when teenagers come home super late. Except I just got up super early yesterday and left before anyone else got up. Oh well I guess I got other shit I can do, like practicing stealth while there is someone actively listening for me. At least the bedroom has a connecting door to the bathroom so I don’t have to go back out into the hall. Thanks for the skill gains asshole.

Okay, it’s been an hour and he’s being a persistent bugger. Stealth gains have tapered off and I still haven’t gotten to level 10 yet. There isn’t a lot I can do and I don’t want to bring my phone out in case he comes in and I can’t get it hidden in time. I guess I meditate, nearly at the next level anyway.

Your Meditation skill has increased by 1

Shit you fucker, don’t you have something else to do? It’s been two god-damn hours. Well he finally left after another half hour, only for Mrs. Beckett to replace him. She was less patient and left after another half hour. Others were all getting up about then anyway for breakfast. Might as well get this overwith.

****​

“…You know we are really trying Simon, taking care of a bunch of kids that don’t have parental direction isn’t easy. This is something we’re going to have to let Mrs. Pearson know about. We expect certain things of you. No more skipping. Six week grade reports are coming at the end of the week, we except improvement in the classes we’ve been informed you have been slacking off on. If I have to drive to your school to pick you up to make sure you get home instead of you skipping the bus I will. I’d rather not have to do that. It puts quite a burden on my time in getting the younger kids back from junior high. Now you have a doctor’s appointment again tomorrow to get your cast removed. You want to be there for that don’t you? No running off in the mornings again. Since your arm will be better I expect you to be doing more around the house too, both as part of your grounding and to keep par with what you’ve missed…”

I thought about asking how long the grounding was this time, but I really didn’t care, because it didn’t matter. I just nodded my head politely with the occasional Yes Ma’am, Yes Sir. It doesn’t matter, the report cards won’t matter either. Just nod along until I get everything I needed.

When that was finally over I spent most of the rest of the day outside playing with my clay. 30 lbs left ought to get me about 28 one lb. figurines to make into Golems. If firing Moon-Moon got me a level bump firing several at once ought to do even more. I would be able to Golemize all of them at once, but I needed the skills. I had till next Saturday to attempt to attempt to finish that quest.

You Artistry skill has increased by 1
Your Craft (Stone & Pottery) skill has increased by 1

After all 28 were made I snagged computer time by lying and saying I had more homework to do and practiced more programming. I turned Speech on to do, not sure if it made a difference, but I probably should just leave speech mode on all the time anyway. Again, incase other skill don’t gain fast enough. I took about 5 days of school to go from level 5 to level 6 when only using for trade and negotiation stuff. Hopefully it will go a lot faster if it’s active for everything.

I was still left with a few hours these evening with little to choose to do. Once I lost use of the computer again, I could not pull out my phone to surf, it might get seen, Thomas would definitely tattle like a bitch to get me in more trouble if he saw it. I wasn’t planning to work the Econ book quest, but it was all I could really do at the moment. I had wanted to go back to the gym today I would have if the fuckers had not been sitting there waiting. I guess that was why they did it.

Monday, February 8th, 2010

Your Computers skill has increased by 1

Now if only my programming skill would finish off getting to level 10. They weren’t waiting for me in the morning quite as badly this time, but they did still get up a little earlier than usual. Can’t gain any stealth anymore for low risk stuff it seems. So close to level 10 too.

I got to skip Spanish legitimately today to go to the doctor. My cast was removed ‘officially’ Speech got me more pills, those more muscle relaxant than pain pills, due to arm stiffness, which the doctor legitimately noticed, even though it was really more from the workout I did Saturday. Don’t matter I’ll take them.

“Alright I’m keeping these in the safe this time.”

Christ not this again. “I still need one this morning”

“Take it and then hand it back.” I took one, palmed two, and handed the bottle back. Then Mrs. Beckett dropped me off at school once again. I popped a second after she left to try and boost my Drug Resist skill again.

I was able to fit 14 clay figurines into the kiln in art class, half now, half later. Most of the figurines looked like rats, squirrels or abnormally large insects, plus a bat and a small bird, I even made one fish, just to experiment with. Since putting something into an oven didn’t actually take that long, and I was now out of clay, I actually did the painting assignment the teacher had set up for the rest of the class period. Skill gain was skill gain at this point. I left the other 14 unfired figurines on the table next to the kiln for swapping out on Wednesday so I wouldn’t have to carry that shit around.

I continued to draw in English class while ignoring the teacher, then stealthed my way off campus again during lunch, to meet up with some of the other delinquents who did the same.

“Simon Says, man. What you got this time?” Rick a now regular said as I walked up.

“More cigs, more biology or Spanish homework, depends.” I still kinda needed the cigarettes to train up drug resist but cigs alone were quickly hitting diminishing returns. It was the choice of that or money and I still needed money for various things.

“Yeah you ever get something other than cigs man?”

“Hmm, I got a Flexeril.”

“A what?”

“Muscle relaxant, it relaxes you, all of you.”

“Any good?” Rick asked.

“Yeah I heard of those, not bad.” Twig, another delinquent said

“I’m on a couple of them now and I don’t… I’m just fucking peachy man.”

“Yeah? Five bucks.”

“Five bucks really?” I asked. That’s not at all what I expected, actually who knows, I don’t know what any fucking street drug prices are.

“Uh, hell man I don’t know I’m pretty fucking high now already.” Rick said in a cloud of smoke.

Speech kicked in, well it was already on. “No I mean five bucks for the one pill? Please. This isn’t a generic, it’s the real deal. Here let me show you.” I pulled out the third pill I had palmed, then took out my camera and took a picture of the front and back of it in my palm. Mainly because I needed to know what the thing looked like after I sold it to this dweeb. I zoomed in my shots. “See that ink and trademark signage, and that coloration? Totally the good shit.”

“Uh, six?”

I raised my eyebrow at him.

“Seven?”

“Doing better.”

“I don’t got more than seven bucks and change on me man.”

“Well count your change.”

“K, I got four quarters… Eight?”

“Deal. Sorry I didn’t have two though, their better in pairs. This one was just the odd one left over. Don’t suppose you can do me a favor and pass that joint could ya?”

“Of course dude, rock on.”

A couple drags on the joint, and couple cigarettes down to butts, a few more trades, though not like before, after shaking out my jacket, borrowing a spritz of air fresher and some mints, and it was time to sneak back into school again.

During math class I just drew pictures again to practice art until school was finally fucking over.

“Hey, you know you still have a slight odor of weed on you.” Rachel said as we were leaving.

“Well shit.”

“I just wanna know where you got some.”

“I don’t have any, just joint passing during lunch. Shouldn’t you be the good kid? I’m bad enough already.”

“Yeah right. Just means they are less likely to notice the behavior of everyone else next to your stellar example. You getting on the bus this time?”

“Fuck no, got to take care of this.”

“What you want me to tell the Becketts?”

I shrugged. “Say I got sick or something, threw up and went back inside to the bathroom, missed the bus. I don’t really care.”

****​

What I confirmed Saturday, as I had suspected before was that anything of body weight or less, was inefficient in gaining progress towards the next strength point. It was all heavy strain like the damn notification descriptions said. I was back at the gym again having wasted yesterday, trying to up my skill and stats again. Plus I had to pick up all my loot and move it somewhere else.

Your Athletics skill has increased by 1

Also the muscle relaxer was letting me ignore a fucking lot of points where I probably should have stopped.

Another thing I learned was that, one full stamina exhaustion to minor HP loss period was not enough to get a full point in either STR, CON or Gamer’s Body, though at least I got the Athletic skill out of it still. I also learned that I was tired enough that I could sleep in the sauna, and it only consume about an hour. Now that may put my sleep schedule off, but the recovery rate during actual sleep, even if it was not at maximum because I “was not in a bed” was still enough to recover everything and let me go another round.

Your Gamer’s Body skill has increased by 1

Two sessions were enough to get Gamer’s body, get two thirds towards the next CON and almost the next STR, and almost enough for the next Athletics; such that I can probably top it off tomorrow in PE.

Too exhausted to continue I left the gym went to a pharmacy and started looking through all the various over the counter products for pills that matched the size and coloration of the flexerils. No luck, and I stopped when the store clerk started following me around.

****​

I got an earful, again when I walked in the door.

“And what do you have to say for yourself this time? Rachel said you were ill and missed the bus, I drove up to the school but I didn’t see you anywhere, nor when driving the route home.” Mr. Beckett rumbled at me.

First mistake was tell me too much info up front. “Must have missed, me, caught a ride from a friend.”

“What friend? And why would you get home this late if you got a ride?” Mrs. Beckett shrilly added to the escalating argument.

“Well, if you had let me finish. Rick gave me a ride, Twig too, but Twig got dropped off first, then Rick’s car wouldn’t start because it’s a clunky piece of crap. So I was stuck even further away than I expected to be and had to walk anyway, and he doesn’t live near a bus route.”

“And where the hell did you get that coat and hat?”

“It’s Rick’s. He felt bad about not being able to give me the ride home he promised so he let me borrow this, since its February and god damn cold outside, I got to bring them back to him later this week.

“And why couldn’t you call?” Mr. Beckett asked non-helpfully.

“You mean with my broken phone?”

“What Rick or ‘Twig’ doesn’t have one?”

“Nope. Now if you’d like to get me a working phone and plan and allow me to keep it on my person at all times so it is available when I need it, I’d be happy to call and let you know when something happens.” A moment of silence passed. “Shall I take that as a no?”

“I’m taking you to school directly tomorrow, and walking you to your class, and picking you up after school as well. I expect you to be there.”

“You going to pick drop off and pick everyone else up too? Seems kinda silly to do all that just for me while making the others still ride the bus.”

“Go to your room and do whatever homework you have Simon.”

“Sure, I’ll eat my dinner there too, need to use the computer for homework again though. Might want to go get my pills, they’re twice daily.”

She brought my pills to me half an hour later. I palmed three of them again and took one. I filled the rest of the evening with a bit more programming practice and sketching new golem designs in my room.

Tuesday, February 9th, 2010

Not enough time on the computer to gain level 10 in programming, but very close, definitely tomorrow morning. The secondary gains in computer skill from doing programming were tapering off even more.

Mrs. Beckett, actually did what she said and walked me to my Biology class room. I think it was meant to embarrass me, but that only works if I actually cared.

You have gained the ‘Cell Biology’ specialty for Science (Biology)

At least biology class was still useful. History and Health were like before as always, but again drawing and sketching got me through the grinds.

I snuck off campus again for lunch but couldn’t hang out, need to check out the herbal shop in the center across from the school. Went in and started looking over all of their stuff. Observe showed my that nearly 100% of it was complete crap that did nothing for you, and at least most of the time, nothing bad either. Just snake oil peddled to make people feel better.

“Can I help you?” The pretty young shop keeper asked me. She looked like she was barely out of high school, and at least had to be since it was during school hours.

I felt my Speech kick in. “Oh yes you can definitely help me, I’d really appreciate that. My Mom wanted me to come in here and get one of her herbal things but I for the life of me I can’t remember what it’s called. I do have a picture though. If I see it I am sure I’d remember what is was or if it was, or I could text a photo to confirm.” I pulled my phone out and brought up the photo to get to help get the size, shape and coloration of what I was looking for as close as I could and showed it to ‘Amy’ as her name tag said.

“Hmm, you can’t recall anything about what it might be? Dietary assistance, Hormonal, Vitamins? Anything like that? You didn’t have a photo of the label?”

“It was an old container; the label got wet and faded beyond readability.”

After nearly the whole lunch period, long enough to make me slightly late to PE, we had found a rather close match. I took a photo of it and promised I’d be back later to get some.

Your Drug & Poison Resistance skill has increased by 1
Your Speech skill has increased by 1

To the surprise of Coach, who commented on my now removed cast, I actually fully participated in PE. It may have shocked him enough that he ignored my slight lateness too.

Your Athletics skill has increased by 1

Just as expected, Mrs. Beckett did in fact arrive to pick me up, waiting like a Hawk. She at least did pick up everyone and not make some take the bus.

After my stupid piddling XP punishment chores, I holed myself up in the room all evening to grind out Artistry with sketching until I leveled it.

Your Artistry skill has increased by 1

Wednesday, February 10th, 2010

At least the idiots were not waiting for me in the hall this morning, or hadn’t done so yet, but not even they want to be up at 3am, just me. Still kept my volume cranked like always to not be surprised in case they do, while I got on the computer to finish some skills off.

Your Programming skill has increased by 1
You have unlocked the Grok feature for Programming
8 of 15 skills now at level 10 for the Fifteen-Ten quest

Once that was done, I finished off doing more research on computers themselves, but found myself sliding toward things related to hacking. Computers skill was level 9 still and moving slowly, I needed it to get to a 10 as well. Four more days to get 7 more skills to level 10.

I may have over done it in my attempt to level up Drug resist, two Flexirils plus various OTC cold stuff I snitched from house left my rather incoherent for all of Spanish and much of Art, but it was working. I was just under 50% of the way to level 10.

Your Artistry Skill has increased by 1
You have unlocked the Happy Trees feature for Artistry
9 of 15 skills now at level 10 for the Fifteen-Ten quest
Your Craft (Stone & Pottery) skill has increased by 1

I now had 14 fired figurines to Golemize later one, though I didn’t have the mana to do all at once. I put the other 14 in the Kiln as well. Hopefully it was knock me up a full level again in both. I still read up on sculpture to get a bit of gain there anyway just in case.

I managed to Golemize only one of them during English by keeping my hand in my backpack long enough. No reinforcements levels, these were just for skilling practice. I confirmed its stats during lunch, they were better than Spider-Bong’s, only because ceramic was a better material than raw clay, and they were much better made. They were still tiny and had a lot less HP than Moon-Moon. I Golemized a second one during lunch. I tried doing two at once, but got a stupid error popup. I still had to sneak off campus and buy those herbal pills, and carve more room in my smugglers book to hide them. So I could only manage making the two before needing to head back to class after selling a couple of the fake pills to stupid high teenagers that could not tell the difference.

I endured unavoidable gains in Math, so no specialty for level 3. I wonder if I can steal Thomas Trig textbook and get a specialty for that later on once this fixes itself. Mrs. Beckett showed up again like yesterday to pick everyone up, still clearly not trusting me to get on the bus.

I golemized two more once at home, before I’d have to start waiting for MP to recover. That put me at 2 “rats”, a “bat” and a “fish”. I locked myself in the bathroom and filled up the tub to test the fish. After I awkened it, it prompty sank, and flopped around on the bottom, not really succeeding in move toward me as I told it to follow. One of the rats did a better job of walking on the bottom of the filled tub than the fish did. The bat also could not fly, and since its body was made with the idea of flying rather than walking, it could barely walk either. Spider-Bong could probably do better. I’ll mark those a pretty obvious failures. The Bird I have yet to golemize will probably be just as bad.

After requesting they retrieve my pills, I replaced all the ones in the bottle with the fake herbal ones I bought, and I still had some fake ones left over. I drugged myself up and delayed my usual sleep schedule to meditate for 3 hours, just to get enough to MP recovered golemize one more before going to rest.

Thursday, February 11th, 2010

Your Drug & Poison Resistance skill has increased by 1
You have unlocked the It’s in your Jeans feature for Drug and Poison Resistance
10 of 15 skills now at level 10 for the Fifteen-Ten quest

Good that plan worked during the night and I can finally stop fucking with that shit. I’m still so damn groggy though. I dismissed the rest of the notification without looking too closely and checked out my MP. It was almost maxed out, having left only one Golem awake to not waste the overflow. It was enough to Golemize three more right away and a fourth one in an hour or so. That left me with five more to still do with this batch.

Your Create Mana Golem skill has increased by 1

Despite trying to skill up Computers this morning I had shorted myself some hours due to getting up later. That may have been a mistake, because it’s looking like it will be harder to finish this one off. I’ll have to use the Wi-fi on my phone for follow-up research later or at school without getting caught.]

Stealth was also stubbornly barely moving despite being over 93% of the way toward level 10. It was really frustrating. I’d have to probably go steal more shit to try and get it over the hump.

****​

Your Speech skill has increased by 1

All day at school, and I only got 1 skill up a level. Speech wasn’t going to make it to 10 in time by Saturday anyway. Despite overworking myself beyond exhaustion in PE Athletics was still short of the next level. Sure I could probably make up for it this evening, but that will cut into other time for other shit. Computers is still a slow slog, only edged it up some, while ruining more low level specialty chances in Biology. I only managed to get one more Golem made on the down-low, leaving me with four more to do. That was must due to slow regen rate, even with managing to get in some meditation time, which I may have to do even more of to have those make it in time.

****​

Your Athletics skill has increased by 1

I didn’t interact with anyone at home, had to get the damn skill up. I didn’t want to fall short two days out. I probably would have to skip or do something like that tomorrow anyway. I played basketball and ran around the yard until I finally got the next level in Athletics. I lied about homework time to get a bit more time on the computer, and otherwise used my phone in the bathroom to research other stuff.

Meditation got me enough MP to make one more golem, leaving me with three left for tomorrow morning.

Friday February 12th, 2010

I golemize the last three of the batch immediately he next morning as I was working on the computer, studying on hacking, robotics, and anything else worthy of gaining Computer skill when I finally finished off level 10.

Your Computers skill has increased by 1
You have unlocked the Power-User feature for Computers
You have unlocked the Electronic Eye bonus feature for Stealth
You have unlocked the Data Interface feature for Gamer’s Interface
11 of 15 skills now at level 10 for the Fifteen-Ten quest

Holy crap! I drilled through Parapedia to see what all those gains were. Power-User looks great, faster usage of all programs? Electronic Eye adds a red dot to the Stealth Eyeball tells me the count of the number of Camera on me? Awesome. Data Interface lets me read and write to storage devices and computers placed into my inventory? That would be sweet, if I had a fucking inventory! Again? When? I need to max out that Gamer’s Interface skill, which means I need to level.

Playing around with the interfaces and Parapedia for those got me a bit more progress with Gamer’s Interface but I was still far short at less than 60% progress toward level 24. Seems I could not do anything with data interface at all though until I had an inventory, and by then it probably wouldn’t matter.

****​

“…I know I know. I just can’t stand the smothering restrictions I feel I am under. There are lots of things I can do with my time, if they would just let me. I’ve no issue with getting back on time or even doing my school work. But if I can’t do my own stuff outside of school cause they don’t give me any freedom, they yeah plenty of thought where I want to make up for it in school hours. And they keep trying to turn the rest of the kids against my, punishing them in small ways because of what they perceive from me. It’s little wonder I hardly talk to the rest of them anymore just you. I haven’t exactly made friends with anyone else there, except Julia, but she’s not there.” I was cathartically spilling my story out, what parts I was willing to tell any, in Spanish to Rachel, in Spanish classm since we got an ‘open discussion assignment’ if spoken in Spanish.

“I hear you” Rachel said in response, “but they don’t really let the rest of us do shit either. Janet more so, because of her situation, but that’s about it. I swear when I saw you sneaking out by the shed last weekend, I thought you be gone, running out, didn’t actually think you would come back.”

“How the hell do you do it and tough that out? I swear they get more annoying and frustrating every day.”

“I don’t want to be alone, or on my own. Not like that. I lost too many people close to me already. I’m just trying to get by while numbing the fuck out to most of the rest of the world. The system is shit, but street life is worse. Not like I’ve made any friends with the rest of them either. But I just stay quiet enough and hope they leave me alone.”

“Yeah, what about the future?”

“I told you some get license, get a summer job, that gives a bit more freedom. I don’t have the grades or money for college. Probably get dumped in a halfway house at 18, till I get my own place one day.”

“Well, if I had a place I’d invite you. You do have a phone right? I don’t think I ever actually got your number.”

“Yeah crappy pre-paid flip phone hardly use it. Certainly don’t plan on getting it taken away like you risk. You going to pretend like you still don’t have yours or it’s broken?”

“Uh, what?”

“It’s okay, I saw I your book cubby hole when you were getting cigs out the other day. Clever that.”

“Thanks, I guess. Yeah.” We pulled our phones out long enough under the pass contact info. “I still don’t have a pre-paid account set up. Just got a Wi-fi only number for now.”

“You’re still avoided the big question, are you bolting?”

“I’m…undecided.”

“Bullshit, only thing you haven’t decided on is when and how.”

The bell rang signaling the end of class. We gather up our crap amidst the throng of students and headed to the door. “Will I actually see you in Math class later?” Rachel asked as we left.

“Yeah, have a damn test today.”

Your Empathy skill has increased by 1

****​

Your Craft (Stone & Pottery) skill has increased by 1
You have unlocked the Extra Earth Affinity feature for Craft (Stone & Pottery)
12 of 15 skills now at level 10 for the Fifteen-Ten quest

At least I was right about the big skill jump for making the ceramic figures in mass. A new set of 14, rat like things, waiting for me to golemize them. I left all the other ones hidden at the house in the shed just so I would have room to fir all of these in my backpack.

Hmm, so now I have 4 Earth, 1 Plant, and 1 Water. Where did the water come from, oh Swimming? Still don’t know what they will do or how much is needed?

I was able to Golemize one during Art, and another during English using the same trick I did before. Of the three skills I had left Create Mana Golem was one of the ones I was trying for but it was still only level 8. I might get level 9 before the time runs out tomorrow but I don’t think I will make it.

****​

“Yep, pleasure doing business with you.” I said as Dale departed, handful full of Ginsing pills in his hand that he thought was something else, while I stuffed a handful of bills into my pocket. I did not want to continue doing this, but I needed to make money, Bus ticket was still 300 something last time I checked. Plus I’d have need of supplies and expenses most likely on the way.

Word was getting out though, business picked up quick in the last few days. Dealing with the Cigs, vouchers and homeworks of the last week or so was good, but this was a lot more lucrative. I had to sell real ones to first timers or those that seemed savvy enough they might be able to tell the difference. The fake ones went to second timers, sometimes paired with a real one, or those too high or stupid to tell.

“Its Eight bucks a pop. Cigs are two bucks. No I don’t have or need weed”

I’d snuck off to campus for lunch to the usual delinquent hang-out spot. While money was good it might take another week or two before I earned enough. Still it was very good progress, far more than I had made previously.

“Oh shit, gotta go Simon.” Twig said before he nearly scrambled over himself to quickly leave.

I looked up and saw a couple of thugs headed straight for me. I grabbed my stuff and tried to round the corner only to clotheslines by a third I didn’t see.

-5 HP

My backpack too the brunt on my impact with the ground, and I heard something inside it shatter. I managed to avoid having my head hit the concrete but my shoulder smacked it pretty hard.

“This is my territory you fuckstain!” Thug #1 yelled at me. I dodged one boot only to get kicked by another.

-10 HP

Thug #2 drug me by my shirt and backpack up against the brick wall and dumpster. Thug #1 was apparently the leader as he continued talking.

“You’re selling without a license”

Oh they’re comedians. I thought as I shielded my head with my arms from punch and kicks to my face.

-15 HP
-6 HP
-9 HP

“That requires a fine, of all the shit and money you got on you.”

I managed to land one feeble punch on a Thug #3’s knee before I got kicked in the gut hard.

-20 HP

“Stay down you idiot.” Thug #1 said as they rifled through my crap. They took my wallet, the left over pills, and dumped my backpack. Only by luck did my Geometry book not flip open and spill out my phone and other crap I had hidden in there.

“Licenses costs a grand. You owe me that now…lets see what we got here. Simon Anderson.” He said as he read my stupid ID card. “Only a freshman, huh? You’re trying to pull shit above your weight class. Well, here’s how it works fuckstain. You give me a grand and I don’t beat your ass next time I see you. Then maybe I let you sell what I tell you to sell, to who I tell you to sell, where and when I tell you to sell it.”

I couldn’t help myself. “It’s to whom.” I said, spitting some blood out of my mouth. “Or did you not pass English?”

“Oh you a wise ass?”

Thug #1 walked up and lifted his foot to give me another stomp. That’s when I jumped up and punched him right in the dick.

-40 HP, Critical Hit

Thug #1 doubled over and hit the ground and I jumped on him swinging. Two jabs to the stomach before my arms got pulled by one of the others.

-7 HP
-6 HP

“Get this little shit off me.” Thug #1 yelled. Despite his bigger size his overhead tag said he was level 9, same as me. Of course the other two were level 8 and level 11.

-10 HP
-12 HP

I still held on to Thug #1 while the others pulled, my hands around his coat and waist, till one managed to bring a knee up right into my chest.

-25 HP

“This little fucker wants more does he?” Thug #3 yelled. I tried kicking the legs out from Thug #2 from my once again prone position, but he simply dodged out of the way.

-10 HP
-15 HP
-8 HP
-12 HP
-15 HP
-50 HP, Critical hit
-12 HP

Thug #1 managed to recover enough to kick me in the balls returning the favor. I was winded and stunned, clearly losing, and spewed chunks on the pavement.

“Stay the fuck down this time faggot!” Thug #1 dropped my empty wallet onto my chest.

Then it was over and they left me lying in a puddle of blood, sweat and vomit. I agonizingly rolled over to my stuff and started gathering it up into my backpack as quickly as possible. I set my volume up high again cause I didn’t have much time before they might notice and come back.

My money was gone, the drugs were gone, even my cigs. Several of my ceramic figured where in shattered pieces on the pavement or in may pack. At least some of them were intact. The couple of Golem versions I had were still together, minus a few hit points. I guess they are a lot tougher than your average unpowered ceramic animal. I don’t think I was going to make it to math class today.

I turned stealth mode on and limped away down the loading alley behind the shopping district just in time. My amplified voice channel was letting me know they discovered what I had done and had turned back around.

“Fucker stole my wallet! Go find him! We put him in the hospital now.”

I had to hide in a dumpster for a fucking hour and a half before my scry camera let me know it was safe to come out. I did get to learn that it was presently not possible to meditate while hiding in a dumpster. There was a mass of unread notifications waiting when I finally crawled back out.

For performing a repeated action you may gain the ‘Unarmed Combat’ skill
10 of 25 items stolen for the quest Sticky Fingers
For testing the limits of your endurance and vitality, you have gained 1 CON
Your Gamer’s Body skill has increased by 1
Your Stealth skill has increased by 1
You have unlocked the Back-stab feature for Stealth
13 of 15 skills now at level 10 for the Fifteen-Ten quest
+50 XP for surviving Drug Dealer Thug Encounter

I went to a nearby grocery store, stole first aid kit and doctored myself in the bathroom. Went to that first gym near the house, Speech conned my way into it this time to use the showers and get cleaned up. My Athletics skill was actually pretty close to getting to level 10, too much loss of HP, Stamina, pain and exhaustion to even try that right now. I walked the rest of the way home to deal with the next set of fallout, making sure I hid Thug #1, a Mr. Fredrick Williamson’s, High School Senior, wallet in my book before I did so.

11 of 25 items stolen for the quest Sticky Fingers
Your Medicine skill has increased by 1

****​

A soon as I opened the door. “And why weren’t you in Math today?” Mrs. Beckett yelled out before managing to get a look at my face when I turned around.

“Cause I got mugged and beat up during lunch”

“And where were you for that to happen? Why didn’t you go to the principle?”

“Cause it wasn’t inside the building and I was too busy being unconscious after getting shoved in a dumpster?”

“Yeah you sure smell like you were in a dumpster.”

“Shut up Thomas!” We both yelled at him, something Mrs. Beckett and I for once agreed on.

“That’s the jacket, I cleaned up and showered at the gym before I walked home.”

“Why were you not on school grounds?” She continued to ask.

“I said I wasn’t in the building, not that I wasn’t on the grounds. There is such a thing as eating outside.”

“I still don’t see—“ Mrs. Beckett began before I interrupted her.

“Think about what you’re about to say, because if you’re about to blame the victim, I don’t have time for that shit. I probably need stitches and I hope I don’t have any broken ribs.” I didn’t actually. The only status effects were bruises and lacerations that would run out their timers in a number of days. So much for having the Get Healthy Again quest completed soon.

Mr. Beckett interjected, somewhat calmly for once. “I’m taking him to the ER and calling the police when I get there.”

****​

We didn’t speak until we pulled into the hospital parking lot.

“So what the other guy look like?” Mr. Becket asked a bit out of the blue.

“There were three of them, but I punched one of them in the dick. He won’t be walking too well.”

“Well, at least that’s something. Come on we’ll get you fixed up.”

I got only a few stiches, some wraps, and some Tylenol, numb pack to minimize swelling and antibiotics on the cuts.

Was waiting in the room when officer John Roman came in.

“So we’ve talked before. So you didn’t stay out of trouble or trouble came and found you?”

“It found me but I recall never making any promises.”

“We should have been called before you got cleaned up, so we could take pictures prior to that.” He said as he held up a camera and started taking photos. I winced at the brightness of the flash. “So you want to tell me what happen?”

No I didn’t want to tell you what happen, that would lead to questions, I didn’t want to answer. “Three guys jumped me, about as simple as that.”

“Any reason they did so? Do you know them? Can you describe them at all?”

“Gee dark hair, brown eyes, males in their teens or twenties, brown skin, probably Hispanic. I could just as well be describing myself, except more muscles, and meaner attitudes. Somehow I don’t think that is going to be very helpful to you.”

“Well you never know anyone see this go down?”

“No, no one saw, or no one will say they did if they had, you know how this shit is.” Because if I lead you to them then they can talk about why the wanted to jump me if and I think dealing drugs, even fake ones is gonna be a serious problem.

“I can’t help you if you don’t cooperate.”

“Come on, I’m not stupid, stop me if at any point what I am saying is wrong. I give you a description which is will end up being generic enough that is describes most of the young adult male minority population in Houston. That won’t lead you to anything. Second if you do find them and I do ID them, there wasn’t anyone else to see, or admit to see, but I am pretty sure there wasn’t anyone else that saw. Three guys words against mine. You won’t be able to pin anything on them, sure they stole some cash from me but that’s it. Can’t prove any of that either. And once you can’t do anything, despite trying or even wanting to try, word gets out and I’ll just reap the retaliation at some point in the future. So just mark your incident report and let me the fuck go, so I can get back and get some sleep.”

Your Speech skill has increased by 1

The Beckett’s were kind enough to leave me the hell alone when I got back, and I ate dinner till my Hunger meter was full of everything that gave the best HP gain per weight that I could recall. Mrs. Beckett even washed “Rick’s” jacket.

I had enough MP to make another Golem from the surviving figurines. Sometime tomorrow afternoon the Fifteen-Ten quest would expire. I’d have to make a decision before then.

Saturday, February 13th, 2010

3 am Saturday morning. I left two golems awake to soak the overflow and had enough mana to make three more. I was almost at level 9. This afternoon the quest would expire. I’d have to be spending some skill points on something no matter what. I could make exactly one more Golem from the surviving figurines. I’m not sure if that will be enough to get level 9 or not, I’ll have to wait a few hours for the MP to regen to do it. Then what? I pick what I am going to spend skill points on. Finish this quest, gain 300 XP and hit level 10. Athletics was also almost at level 10 all on its own, but it would be a waste to bump that when it is so close. Empathy was barely over level 9 as well. Basic Academics was also level 9, but I didn’t trust it so that was out. I’d like to know what features will get unlocked for all of them, it could make a significant difference, especially Create Mana Golem since I have so many at the moment.

I have 19 figurine golems, 20 when I make one more, plus Spider-Bong and Moon-Moon, for 22 in all. Eight of the second set of fourteen figurines got crushed in my backpack when the fucker clotheslined me. It would take little over half my current mana to wake up half of them, and I’d run out pretty quick after that with a -66 MP loss per minute. It would be a hell of a thing for a short period of time, though except they are all pretty crappy in stats and HP. This power however seems to not be very efficient at ‘army of golems’. Maybe with a long slow build up, a hell of a lot of advance prepwork, it could be somewhat viable. Right now though only a managing a handful 24-7 seems viable. Right now I can only do 1 that way effectively. Unless something good gets unlocked at level 10 to make a difference.

So right now Empathy it is, only 3% towards the next level, won’t be a big deal if it gets lost. I spent one of the unused skill points.

Your Empathy skill has increased by 1
You have unlocked the Roleplayer feature for Empathy
You have unlocked the Motivations bonus Feature for Observe
14 of 15 skills now at level 10 for the Fifteen-Ten quest

Yep, even 0% at level 10, probably wasted the 3% progress.

I looked over Thug #1’s wallet in the dark of the bedroom via my interface light. It had a driver’s license, and student Id card, some fast food place coupons, and $30 bucks. Fredrico Medoza. Went to the computer, looked his address up on maps, with FRAPS running checking out street view as well. Neighborhood was really shitty, chain fence and dog house in the backyard.

I was interrupted when a notification popped up.

    Where’s my money, Bitch?
    Get back at those drug dealing scum. Steal back what they stole from you and them some.

    Time Limit: February 21st
    Success: +400 XP, $$$, rep, satisfaction of stomping some mobs for XP
    Failure: Your broke ass be stuck here even longer.



Shit of course, of course my power trolls me with that. I didn’t have the names of the other guys, I should have had FRAPS on during the fight but it went by too fast. I should have FRAPS on 24/7 but the MP cost gets expensive. Wait there they are. Naho Ortiz, and Juan Vargas. Right there under ‘Annoyances’ on the relationship sheet. Naho? Really? Do people call him Nacho instead to piss him off? I finished lookup everything else I need to know on the computer and quietly went downstairs

Now I needed to get out of the house. I got ready, raided the fridge for breakfast and lunch later, and snuck out. This time I did not leave a note.

I wasn’t bolting yet. I still wasn’t ready for that. So yeah I’d get another earful when I got back later, but I so don’t care anymore. I found my way back over to the gym I used the first time, different employ so I chanced trying to finagle another free trial period. That done, I got busy training again. Even though I hurt still from yesterday, I was that close and wanted to finish off that quest. I just needed the Athletics skill to top out to level 10.

Your Athletics skill has increased by 1
You have unlocked the Good Pacing feature for Athletics
15 of 15 skills now at level 10 for the Fifteen-Ten quest
+300 XP, Fifteen-Ten quest completed
You have gained a level! You are now level 10.
Your Gamer’s Mind skill has increased by 1
Your Gamer’s Body skill has increased by 1
Your Gamer’s Interface skill has increased by 1
Rappel has been removed from your relationship sheet

I paused in my workout as the rush of sudden HP, Stamina and MP bumps came over me. I even had enough MP now from the level up to go ahead and Golemize that last figurine, so I took a break, went to the bathroom and did so.

Your Create Mana Golem skill has increased by 1

It was level 9, now but I wanted a 10, so fuck it. I spent another skill point.

Your Create Mana Golem skill has increased by 1
You have unlocked the Expanded Commands feature for Create Mana Golem

I also don’t feel like fucking waiting an entire other level for these damn things to max out. I spent two more skill points.

Your Gamer’s Mind skill has increased by 1
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder negated by Gamer’s Mind
Mild Depression negated by Gamer’s Mind
Aqua-phobia negated by Gamer’s Mind
You have unlocked the Hamster Wheel feature for Gamer’s Mind
Gamer’s Mind has reached Max rank
Your Gamer’s Interface skill has increased by 1
You have unlocked the Inventory feature for Gamer’s Interface
Gamer’s Interface has reached Max rank

God damn, finally. Yeah Fredrico, as soon and I train and heal up a bit more I’m gonna go kick your fucking ass or steal all your shit, or both, whatever is most convenient.

Your Artistry skill has increased by 1
Your Craft (Stone & Pottery) skill has increased by 1
Your Empathy skill has increased by 1
+2 relationship with Rachel Zamora
3 of 25 items stolen for the quest Sticky Fingers
Your Create Mana Golem skill has increased by 1
You may gain the ‘Swimming’ specialty for Athletics.
For practicing your whole-body reflexes you have gained 1 AGI
Your Gamer’s Body Skill has increased by 1
Your Gamer’s Mind skill has increased by 1
+50 XP for evading security and the cops
Your Thievery skill has increased by 1
Your Thievery skill has increased by 1
9 of 25 items stolen for the quest Sticky Fingers
Your Gamer’s Body Skill has increased by 1
For testing the limits of your endurance and vitality, you have gained 1 CON
Your Athletics skill has increased by 1
For exercising your strength to the point of extreme strain you have gained 1 STR
Your Meditation skill has increased by 1
You Artistry skill has increased by 1
Your Craft (Stone & Pottery) skill has increased by 1
Your Computers skill has increased by 1
Your Athletics skill has increased by 1
Your Gamer’s Body skill has increased by 1
You have gained the ‘Cell Biology’ specialty for Science (Biology)
Your Drug & Poison Resistance skill has increased by 1
Your Speech skill has increased by 1
Your Athletics skill has increased by 1
Your Artistry skill has increased by 1
Your Programming skill has increased by 1
You have unlocked the Grok feature for Programming
8 of 15 skills now at level 10 for the Fifteen-Ten quest
Your Artistry Skill has increased by 1
You have unlocked the Happy Trees feature for Artistry
9 of 15 skills now at level 10 for the Fifteen-Ten quest
Your Craft (Stone & Pottery) skill has increased by 1
Your Drug & Poison Resistance skill has increased by 1
You have unlocked the It’s in your Jeans feature for Drug and Poison Resistance
10 of 15 skills now at level 10 for the Fifteen-Ten quest
Your Create Mana Golem skill has increased by 1
Your Speech skill has increased by 1
Your Athletics skill has increased by 1
Your Empathy skill has increased by 1
Your Craft (Stone & Pottery) skill has increased by 1
You have unlocked the Extra Earth Affinity feature for Craft (Stone & Pottery)
12 of 15 skills now at level 10 for the Fifteen-Ten quest
For performing a repeated action you may gain the ‘Unarmed Combat’ skill
10 of 25 items stolen for the quest Sticky Fingers
For testing the limits of your endurance and vitality, you have gained 1 CON
Your Gamer’s Body skill has increased by 1
Your Stealth skill has increased by 1
You have unlocked the Backstab feature for Stealth
13 of 15 skills now at level 10 for the Fifteen-Ten quest
+50 XP for surviving Drug Dealer Thug Encounter
11 of 25 items stolen for the quest Sticky Fingers
Your Medicine skill has increased by 1
Your Speech skill has increased by 1
Your Empathy skill has increased by 1
You have unlocked the Roleplayer feature for Empathy
You have unlocked the Motivations bonus Feature for Observe
14 of 15 skills now at level 10 for the Fifteen-Ten quest
Your Athletics skill has increased by 1
You have unlocked the Good Pacing feature for Athletics
15 of 15 skills now at level 10 for the Fifteen-Ten quest
+300 XP, Fifteen-Ten quest completed
You have gained a level! You are now level 10.
Your Gamer’s Mind skill has increased by 1
Your Gamer’s Body skill has increased by 1
Your Gamer’s Interface skill has increased by 1
Rappel has been removed from your relationship sheet
Your Create Mana Golem skill has increased by 1
Your Create Mana Golem skill has increased by 1
You have unlocked the Expanded Commands feature for Create Mana Golem
Your Gamer’s Mind skill has increased by 1
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder negated by Gamer’s Mind
Mild Depression negated by Gamer’s Mind
Aqua-phobia negated by Gamer’s Mind
You have unlocked the Hamster Wheel feature for Gamer’s Mind
Gamer’s Mind has reached Max rank
Your Gamer’s Interface skill has increased by 1
You have unlocked the Inventory feature for Gamer’s Interface
Gamer’s Interface has reached Max rank

Name: Simon Clarence Anderson
Gender: Male
Age: 15
Race: Parahuman
Class: Foster Kid / Shoplifter
Faction: None
Money: $30.00
Title: Vermin Stomper
Level: 10 (5.54%)
XP: 8200

Primary Attributes
STR: 8 (0.00) 8.00 (98.14%)
AGI: 7 (0.00) 7.00 (36.22%)
CON: 13 (0.00) 13.00 (8.23%)
INT: 22 (0.00) 22.00 (5.64%)
PER: 11 (0.00) 11.00 (49.05%)
WIS: 20 (0.00) 20.00 (98.75%)
CHA: 12 (0.00) 12.00 (81.24%)
LUC: 10 (0.00) 10.00 (58.34%)
Unspent Points: 26

Secondary Attributes
Health Pool: 156/303
Stamina Pool: 261/272
Mana Pool: 55/2750
Stress Pool: 420/420

Attack: 8.50
Speed: 2.73
Dodge: 11.00
Armor: 0.20
Carry: 80.00
Allure: 2.50

Skills
Max Slots: 42
Free Skill Slots: 9
Artistry: 10 (71.23%)
Athletics: 10 (0.00%)
Basic Academics: 9 (10.43%)
Computers: 10 (0.00%)
Crafting (Stone & Pottery): 10 (0.00%)
Create Mana Golem: 10 (0.00%)
Disease Resistance: 6 (52.60%)
Drug & Poison Resistance: 10 (3.43%)
Empathy: 10 (0.00%)
Firearms: 1 (0.00%)
Gamer’s Body: 18 (15.43%)
Gamer’s Interface: MAX (0.00%)
Gamer’s Mind: MAX (0.00%)
Language-English: MAX (0.00%)
Language-Spanish: MAX (0.00%)
Lockpicking: 10 (0.58%)
Mathematics: 3 (33.43%)
Medicine: 2 (0.00%)
Meditation: 11 (44.03%)
Null Resistance: 3 (13.69%)
Observe: 11 (60.00%)
Parahuman Lore: 6 (47.86%)
Programming: 10 (0.54%)
Psychology: 5 (0.00%)
Science (Biology): 1 (53.22%)
Science (Earth): 1 (0.00%)
Speech: 8 (0.00%)
Stealth: 10 (6.64%)
Strategy: 1 (0.00%)
Thievery: 3 (44.95%)
Unarmed Combat: 1 (0.00%)
Vehicle Operations: 3 (0.00%)
Video Games: 26 (5.87%)
Unspent Skill Points: 6

Perks
Free Perk Slots: 1
Gaia's Blessing: Mana Pool and Mana Skill access
Gaia's Attunement: Elemental Affinity access
Light Sleeper: Need only 5 hours to get fully rested
Mana Reserve: Bonus MP per level increased by 25%

Flaws
Selective Amnesia: We had to make room for stuff in your head
A Bit of a Troll: Sometimes you just can't help yourself
Unnatural Curiosity: Can't always resist the urge to find stuff out

Cheaty Powers
Invisible Light Source: White on White Interface Theme
Language Comprehension: Multi-lingual subtitles
Limited Remote Viewing: Free & Third Person Camera Modes
Limited Microscopic View: Free Camera Zoom In
Distracting Sound: Profanity filter
See in Darkness: Contrast, Brightness & Gamma Correction
Super Hearing: Selective volume controls
Audio Filtering: Selective channel muting
Sound Protection: Built in decibel control
Personal Jukebox: Broadcast Music library
FRAPS: Record and playback from Camera POV
