Saturday, February 13th, 2010

Wow, so a fucking Inventory, awesome. The thing that I felt I was teased with for so long. Of course it’s a top tier feature on max rank skill. Extra dimensional space? I was still in the stall in the gym bathroom, which gave me some degree of privacy. My volume settings could let me tell that some other dudes were in here and I waited for them to leave before I started experimenting.

“Inventory”

I beheld a new interface window, pretty typical for lots of RPG games I recall playing. Avatar picture up in the upper right corner with what looked like a complex set of equip slots, no, not really equip ‘slots’ just entries for basic stat info of what I was currently wearing. Upper middle was said entries, and upper left was more basic info, equipped weight, inventory weight, money, etc. a simplified repetition of some of the status information.

The lower half was entirely occupied by a set of 12x12 gridded squares on numbered, tabbed pages. A quick scroll through the entire set of empty pages went from 0-999. One thousand pages of inventory, 144,000 grid squares. Is that a hard limit? Or if I ever fill it up that much will it add more pages?

Could I fill it up that much? That inventory ‘weight carried’ stat of 0.000 has me concerned there might be a limit there. A quick drag and drop of my shirt between my avatar and a grid square confirmed I now had quick change ability and that yes, the weight carried value went up when I dropped my shirt on a square. An icon image of the shirt appeared in the square, and a tooltip told me what it was.

Hmm, there was also a bright flash of light that came with putting something into or removing from inventory. Is that real light or invisible light like what my interfaces produce? I repositioned the window and used one hand to drop something into the inventory while I held the other hand up close to the stall wall. My hand cast a shadow on the stall wall when the light flashed. Shit, probably real light then. Shadows never appeared from all other types of ‘invisible’ light effects from my various interfaces. At least there wasn’t an accompanying sound effect too. I’d need to find some way to obfuscate that.

I dropped my watch into my inventory with the stopwatch active, waited about a minute then pulled it back out. It had the same amount of time left as when I put it in. I did it several more times just to confirm, that yes, it seems time does not pass for items placed into my inventory. Well that opens up a whole new branch of exploiting.

I put the golem I had made earlier in and out of my inventory. Good so no apparent restrictions there, hopefully the same applies to tinker-tech stuff if the chance ever arises. Would my Golems even count as tinker-tech or just all master power? Probably just a master power. Hmm, I went ahead and spent the MP to wake of the new golem, and waited a minute to verify the MP loss for maintenance and then put the awakened Golem into my inventory. I waited another minute, there was no change in MP, another minute went by and there was still no change. I took the awakened Golem back out and in less than a minute the MP drop occurred and continued at the normal rate one minute later.

So the apparent time stasis effect suspends my recurring MP cost when a golem is in my inventory. That’s fucking awesome. It means I just turned a potentially expensive recurring cost into a fixed one. So long as I have room for it in my inventory, I only have to awaken a Golem once.

As much as I wanted to keep experimenting with my Inventory ability, I had brought only a limited number of items with me. Most of my crap was still at the house, and I need to maximize my time at the gym.

For exercising your strength to the point of extreme strain you have gained 1 STR

Gee that only took almost another half hour… My last check it was at 98 something percent. At least I can put this new Good Pacing feature to use, Parapedia indicates it lets me half my stamina loss during training once a day. ‘Once a day’ though is too ambiguous. How long is that in reality? What I spent all 24 training? (If such a thing were possible) Would it work all day? What about if I got into a fight? Does that count as training that would let me activate it? At least, by using it right now, it did seem to be working. I’d be able to last twice as long as before but my stamina was exhausted. Would it still work once I got to the point of giving myself negative status effects or even minor HP damage? Actually I don’t want to do any HP damage this time. I need to get it back to maximum to finish off that get healthy quest.

Using the good pacing feature from athletics, it took me just under 3 hours 45 minutes, to exhaust my stamina down to 0. I was so close though to leveling up my next Gamer’s Body that I kept going even though I said I didn’t want to endure the HP loss. I have been collecting some stares. Personal trainers had stopped by doing there sales shtick at first, then just came by to ask if I was okay. Maybe working out for 4 hours straight was not normal? The weight values I was using was still pathetically low compared to what I saw various bulky dudes doing, but I just kept up the reps, even if they were coming rather slowly now.

Your Gamer’s Body skill has increased by 1

Right, finally, now it’s time to stop before people start asking uncomfortable questions. I took some water and that got recovered several points of stamina, and lunch later would get me more HP back. By my guess it would probably take a few hours for my stamina to recover back to maximum anyway, and I needed to scout for intel and then go shopping.

****​

So now comes the dangerous part. I looked over the rundown neighborhood of the after stepping off the bus, I still had a ways to walk to get to my destination. It was a mostly poor Hispanic neighborhood, so even though I was on the lighter skinned side I still looked in place and no one really bothered me. I still got some occasional stares, but not many people were outside it being still early on a cold February morning.

There was the fucker’s house. I pulled out my last few smokes, from my inventory/pocket, I only managed to keep it because they were inside the smugglers book. Guess I don’t actually need that book anymore. I stood about stealthed and smoking on the street corner, and turned on FRAPS and Free Camera. Hope no one walks up to me.

It didn’t take too long. I was about a block away but scouted the interior and exterior of the house. Big dog was in the alleyway. It raised its head and looked around as my view got close to him, don’t know if that was a coincidence or not, but it settled back down a moment later. It was a cheap three bedroom house, one bathroom, definitely a fucking drug house, but only had weed and pills strewn about in the living room. Two entrances, front door and back door with a big doggie door that led into the kitchen, there was no garage. Backyard was a chain-link fence with an ally gate chained padlock. Observe and camera confirmed three occupants, the three fuckers that beat me up. Naho, Juan and Fredrick. Two were sleeping and one was on the shitter. Wait, I thought his name was Fredrico? Who names a Hispanic kid Fredrick? Does he get shit about his name too? The living room has burnt out joints, cigarettes, dirty dishes, and empty beer bottles strewn all over.

I set up my flashlight theme and sent my camera into various cabinets and drawers and whatever. Saw one gun on the coffee table in the living room, a small revolver. I used Observe on as many things of import as I could, on the three perps and even the dog, a German Shepard. Shouldn’t this guy like have parents are something? Where are they? And who sets up a drug house in the same house as the one your ID is addressed to? Shouldn’t they use abandoned properties or something?

It took about an hour and a couple swaps back to normal camera to light new cigarettes and smoke them as slowly as I could, before I succeeded in finding an old briefcase under the bed that my lighted camera mode and Observe indicated might have cash in it, I think I had enough to go on now though. I headed back to the bus stop and turned off FRAPS. Need to strategize how I was going to neutralize those threats, including the dog, in order to hit this place.

****​

Your Thievery skill has increased by 1
25 of 25 items stolen for the quest Sticky Fingers
+300 XP, Sticky Fingers quest completed
New Title obtained: Apprentice Thief
Your Thievery skill has increased by 1
You have unlocked the No Prints feature for Thievery

Well, completing that quest became trivially easy with inventory. Once I got the hang of using it became a matter of just heading to a big box store, filling up a shopping cart with crap that built up obscuring ‘walls’ along the bottom, sides and part of the top, leaving just a hole to reach my hand through to an empty space in the middle. Then I just set my inventory interface horizontally to intersect with the bottom of the cart, and just dropped stuff in, making use of Electronic eye and stealth to make sure I wasn’t being watched or recorded when I did so.

All this was to obscure the flash that happened when I put things in and out of inventory. Something are still difficult to nab this way, anything large of course, and a lot of electronic components that are kept behind locked cabinets that you have to grab a claim ticket for and bring to the register were not doable in this manner either. Other things like jewelry and such, which had too many cameras and people nearby I didn’t want to risk, nor did I need anything like that right now anyway.

Nah, what I gathered up was gear and supplies to prepare for my debut and pending travel. I added a hockey helmet to help protect my head, motocross chest and shoulder protection, elbow pads, knee pads, a strap and cup cause getting punched in the balls hurt like hell even with 50% pain resistance, and some shin guards I added to my costume. I swiped an aluminum baseball bat for melee, and a tennis racket and racquet balls for training activity later.

I swiped some food items, and unusual fruits from a grocery store. Observe told me of unusual properties they could have, and the descriptions are even more detailed that previously after getting budding botanist, maybe because of that botany specialty I got from Biology? I’m rethinking that cooking/brewing skill I could have gotten, but I don’t have time for that right now.

I had been using a lot of observe lately, both of foods and clothing and whatever to help check out the armor value, and various other aspects. I nabbed some of those expensive fancy clothing that gave minor allure bonuses, and some that gave comfort bonuses. Heh, even got some Fancy Silk Boxers, +2 Comfort, and +0.5 Allure if visible. Not that I plan on letting them be visible, yet. Interestingly there was also some clothing that gave negative allure. I suppose there can be reasons for wearing that on purpose, but I didn’t care to focus on it for now.

I do feel bad about stealing from this craft store, but I need that 40 lb. bag of clay for future golems, as well as the sculpture tools. They were more a mom and pop type shop than a big box store that can afford the losses. Although how in the hell will I be able to get them fired? I sure as hell can’t fit a kiln in my inventory.

I made sure I wasn’t being watched or recorded and hefted the bag of clay into my cart and into my inventory, then abandoned the cart and headed toward the door. I was unexpectedly walking rather slower than normal.

Damn I just more than doubled the weight of what I am carrying in my inventory with that bag, some 71 lbs. or inventory plus equipped weight. I checked my status effects, I was under ‘Heavy Encumbrance’, which meant a 30% loss of movement speed and ‘can’t sprint’. I had been at light and medium encumbrance before, but at only a 5% and 15% movement speed loss that were mostly ignorable.

I definitely am feeling the weight of the stuff in my inventory, but it’s more evenly distributed. Maybe I can abuse this for more constant STR training? I was going to go look for a hunk of soapstone, but this is getting to be too much.

I slow-walked my way to the bench at the nearby bus-stop and sat down. Then I went through my notification options and turned Encumbrance changes back on. I had turned it off earlier because it was annoying, but with an inventory it is going to be a lot harder to tell when I cross a threshold. How is this going to affect me if I find myself in a fight? I’ll probably need to be able to move as easily as I can, so I don’t want to carry too much stuff if this is the result. Damn this makes STR a lot more important now.

What’s going to happen when I finally pass that 90 lb. carry value? I am damn close to it already. When I get back to the house and add all golems, it will definitely go over, guess I’ll find out then.

I went through Parapedia on all my other new features while I waited for the bus. So what this new thievery feature? ‘No Prints’? Um what? No fingerprints? I looked at my fingertips and rub them together. They feel smooth, but I have to look carefully to notice it. I zoom in with my free camera to get a closer look; yeah they are definitely gone now, just like that.

So suddenly and arbitrarily my power changes some aspect of my physical body. This is concerning. But isn’t already doing that each time my stats change? I didn’t have a problem with my bad eyesight getting corrected. The slowly increasing muscle mass and definition isn’t bad either. Still look like a twig though, just less of one than I used to. Then there is whatever the hell increasing my INT, WIS and CHA is doing to my brain. Shit, I don’t have time for another existential crisis right now. Well my stamina was all filled up again after the shopping trips and bus rides that were once again chipping away at my meager funds. Time to train the next thing, plus I still needed to pick a stat. The bus pulled up to the rec center and I stepped off.

****​

Of course I had to dump all my crap in a locker at the rec center to even be able to lighten my inventory load enough to try training my next thing. Seems the bag of clay and the clothes on my back alone were enough to drop me into Medium encumbrance. I’ll need to figure out exactly what the weight thresholds are to each encumbrance status, for now I just need to put all this crap aside. At least I am not losing Stamina with the weight overloads.

After two hours of exhausting uncoordinated attempts at playing racquetball against myself in the rec center, my stamina was at zero again. I checked my AGI progress. Only a bit over 55%, at least it was a definite full body movement type of activity. Athletics was also going up but might be slowing down. It was hard to tell as I suspect I get better gains when I am doing something new and that was the first time I did racquetball. It had a faster climb rate that when I was weight-lifting at the gym. Only getting two hours’ worth before my stamina was exhausted sucked, the good pacing thing really means just once per day. I need to find ways to maximize my time stretches for training to exploit that feature more thoroughly. Also CON, slow rises. It rises quickly with HP loss and much more slowly with Stamina loss, but progress towards it does rise. There has to be a conversion ratio hidden in there somewhere.

I need to view stamina as a resource that should not be wasted just like MP. Stamina has a high regen rate, almost as much as my MP. So every point that I could have regened when I was at max, is a point wasted that could have been ‘consumed’ and converted into Athletics skill and/or physical stat training progress. I still had a lot to learn about the underlying numerical mechanics of my power. Maybe I can pick of a Statistics book for a new Mathematics specialty? Hmm, no quest for that? Well fuck you too.

My goal had been to get STR or AGI up to a 10 before selecting a perk. A 10 stat value seemed to be a common minimum prerequisite for various perks. I could still try, and put it off, but I want to pick a perk before I go after those dealers, which I need to decide on pretty damn soon. The shit is probably going to hit the fan when I get back to the house, but I need to go out tomorrow to. Whatever the Beckett’s say be damned, even if they pull that sit outside my door trick again.

‘Where’s my Money?” deadline was February 21st, it’s currently the 13th, so I just need to finish it before the end of Sunday next week. But that means school that week, which at least some of them attend. I might run into them there or they might come looking for me there. I’m not looking forward to that possibility, so the earlier I hit them the better.

I also need to call the bus terminal before I went back to the house. After navigated through their automated help system I finally got a hold of a person. Turns out, as a minor without ID, I will need signed permission from my adult guardian in person. However, 16 year olds don’t require an adult to meet them at the destination terminal. Well guess I am going to lie about my age, though I have no idea how to fix the in-person parental signature part, yet.

****​

On the bus ride back to the house, I went over all the expanded command features that I got from skilling up Create Mana Golem. I didn’t actual implement any of them, but needed to figure out what possibilities they might provide.

They provided a lot. Basic new commands ones were ‘Go to location’, ‘Fetch target’, ‘Carry target’, ‘Subdue target’, ‘Drop target’, and ‘Wait’ More significant though was that I could now queue up commands in a series, add extra quantifying parameters to commands, such as following distance, time duration, etc. and most interesting of all, add conditional execution parameters within a rudimentary companion type behavior and scripting interface. I could theoretically have a Golem walk a patrol route via a queued set up go to location commands in a loop, or wait at any point until a triggering condition is met before it moves to the next command. While this provided a lot of possibilities it was still rather limited too. There was not going to be anything complex I could make them do according to what I saw. All major actions are still pretty much centered on variations of attack, defend, move, and now fetch/carry type stuff. (That is, assuming that they have the right appendages to do so.)

Oh and before I forget, “Titles”

Hmm, ‘Apprentice Thief’, gives minor success bonuses to roguish skills: Thievery, Stealth, Computers (Hacking, Security Systems), Lockpicking, Speech (Deception, Acting, and Intimidation), Disguise, Card & Board Games (any gambling with a skill element)

Ok, so first I have a lot of those already, so definitely going to swap to this title. Second, there is a Disguise skill? And there is an Acting and Intimidation specialty for Speech? I don’t have the Card and Board Game skill, I previously ignored it, but this might make it worth reconsidering. It is also a ‘tiered’ title. Parapedia indicates that it means it can evolve and be replaced by better titles of the same theme. Doesn’t say how many tiers there are though, or what conditions let you go to the next tier. This one is just tier one.

****​

It was about 7pm when I was walking up to the house. I had eaten some of those fruits I had stole to lighten my inventory a smidge. Powers are so weird, I haven’t taken a crap yet so my weight cannot have actually changed other that moving them from my inventory to my stomach, yet, it’s not counted against me. Though somehow, I don’t think I’d be able to exploit store item as weightless by swallowing it all that effectively. I decided to stash the bag of clay and the sculpting tools in the bushes by the alley, it was just too much weight to deal with. The rest I kept in my inventory that I didn’t want found when searched when I went inside

I walked in the door and got hit with a tirade. They flapped their mouths and I gave occasional answers. “…I had to return Rick’s jacket.” I didn’t, Rick didn’t own it, it was in my inventory now. “…well, then we hung out for a while.”

“I think we should meet this Rick and his parent’s.” One of them said, I had stopped caring by then, and started grabbing leftovers from dinner. Then sent me to my room, I gladly obliged.

Then I had to reorganize all my crap and my inventory, which meant mostly doing it in the bathroom out of sight. I blew more mana to wake up more golems, beyond the one I already had woken before coming back, and put them into my inventory. I don’t think I would be able to avoid some degree of encumbrance. I did find out that going over my 90 carry weight; put a ‘Very Heavy Encumbrance’ status effect on me. That gave me a 50% movement speed reduction, can no longer run and I start losing Stamina when I walk. I don’t lose stamina when I am not moving. I guess that is a new way to purposely burn off Stamina overflow? Not a particularly convenient or safe way to do it though, what with not being able to run away at a moment’s notice.

I had planned on going to sleep early anyway, but I did want to check out this data interface ability while I ate before hand. I was able to ‘activate’ my phone and the USB sticks while they were in my inventory. It appears though that it costs around 1 MP per minute to have data interface up and running. I got my phone hooked up to the wi-fi, checked email and downloaded some apps and games. I then copied a few test files back and forth to the USB sticks, and discovered that I also had the awesome ability to copy stuff to a folder thing located somewhere on my interface itself, and copy stuff back, included the music and sound files my power seems to come equipped with, the notes I have taken, and the FRAPS video footage. Holy crap that will make for some interested possibilities there. I even have the ability to choose if I want the interface screen and features visible or not via a prompt when I copy a FRAPS file to my phone or USB stick. I assume the data size limitation on the devices is still present, but I cannot tell if there is any such limitation on the ‘computer’ that represents my power and its interface abilities. I wasn’t really ready to risk that part of my power being revealed yet, so I deleted and overwrote the test FRAPS file I had uploaded to a USB stick for now. I should go to a library computer at some point to really confirm all this does what I think it does, but it looks very promising.

Sunday, February 14th, 2010

Damn I really needed more STR or Carry weight. I woke up at 1am and experimented for a bit trying to decide what I was going to leave here, have in my inventory, or hide in the alley or elsewhere. The boundary between having a Medium Encumbrance vs. a heavy Encumbrance is about 54 lbs. or about 60% of my Carry value. I wanted to get myself down to that level. I could have swore I recalled seeing a Perk mentioning something about improved carry weight but I don’t see it. Also I do need to pick a perk before I begin this mess.

I finished off the fruit I had in my inventory to lighten the load, and as soon as I verified everyone was asleep, Id snag some more breakfast from the fridge before sneaking out. Otherwise I needed to wake up as many Golems as I could and put them back into inventory so they would not drain my MP. I had already awoken 4, 3 were in inventory one I had left out to soak overflow MP while resting. Yet despite this, I did not see any more gains in Create Mana Golem skill, not even with the guard and follow self instructions active. Guess that wasn’t enough anymore to gain skill XP. I was at Max MP though, one awake golem wasn’t enough to soak the entire overflow anymore, two were, but it would dipped too far into the amount of MP I would have woken up with afterward.

Well, nearly 800 MP later, all but two of my Golems were awake and in my inventory. Those last two I’d leave with the clay. They were the bat and the fish, which had proved useless in their ability to move around. Those failures were mere dead weight now. I wasn’t sure what I was going to do with them in the future, except maybe target practice.

I still needed to wait a bit. I had free camera up in one window being rather uncomfortably creepy watching the Becketts to make sure they were actually sleeping soundly, the other window I pulled up a online chess game via data interface to practice because of a hunch. I ignored the newest prompt asking me if I wanted to add Card & board games as a skill, and left it unanswered this time. Half an hour later I was reward with a confirmation of both my guesses.

For careful thought and consideration of the consequences of your decisions you have gained 1 WIS
You may gain the ‘Games’ specialty for the Strategy skill

Yes I’ll take that, but what is it? I used Parapedia. Units in your command get minor improvement to the gain rate of applicable skills and abilities when training them via a game or simulation you have prepared or are running. Damn I think I may have been neglecting this skill for far too long. That might be broken, but what represents a unit? How much is a minor improvement? Oh, +10% training XP. Does that apply to me as well, do I count as a unit under my command? Is that level XP, skill XP, or stat XP or all three? Does it affect other people could friends and allies count as units in my command, or is that just restricted to things like the golems? Golems don’t earn XP or levels though. All that from half an hour of playing chess? What other possible specialties for this skill are there?

Satisfied everyone was sufficiently asleep, I prepared to sneak downstairs. I put my free camera in view of the downstairs motion alarm alert, and awkwardly tossed my scarf into the hallway. Good those are still disabled.

Now here’s the conundrum. If like last time, they get up early to try and intercept me at the time they think I am getting up, they might wonder how I got past the motion alarms, and then start investigating. I don’t want them to do that but I might not have a choice. Of course they also probably need to turn them off before going upstairs if it’s before their shut-off time. Second I did not want them to know that I knew the security code either. I swiped some food from the fridge for breakfast and lunch later (which apparently did not count as stealing?) I unlocked and opened the kitchen window a crack, but actually disabled, and re-enabled the alarm while slipping out the back door. I left some footprints in the flowerbed below the kitchen window and trail some mud toward and unlocked the front gate. Then I clean off my shoes, and slipped out the back gate instead, deposited my crap under the bush in the alley with the bag of clay and left off into the night. Since there was no way to avoid them realizing I had left the house prior to when they turned the alarms off, I wanted them to think I used the window rather than the door so hopefully they wouldn’t change the code on me.

This was all based on the possibility that I would need to come back and spend one or more additional nights here again. I had no way of knowing if I’d gain enough money from these fuckers or if I would even be successful. I guess if I needed to I could steal a rope and attempt descending form the window, but that was damn unlikely to be doable in silence in a room filled with other people. Mostly I would fill my inventory the prior morning and run away during school hours after slipping out at lunch or something like that.

It would take a while to walk to Fredrico’s neighborhood. It was too early for the buses to be running. I planned things out as I went. Plan A was to slip the Golem in and see how well they could fetch stuff and brings it back out while hopefully everyone was sleeping, and then run off. Plan B was attack them with golems and scare them off in case Plan A went to shit. In case plan A and B went to shit, plan C was to run away, and rendezvous with whatever Golems made it out at a pre-determined location set up via queued Go to location commands and pick them up. Plan D was to abandon all the golems and order them to attack themselves or each other into destruction in case of encountering pear-shaped turds and rotary fans. Even if everything fails, I should at least have had a good practice run with controlling my golems in a combat situation, while FRAPS is recording so that I can review and improve later.

****​

It took about an hour to walk over there, which wasn’t exactly safe at 2am in the morning considering I had already hear two distant gunshots with my hearing volumes cranked. I had stealth and my invisible flashlight active the whole time, so perhaps it helped some. I had most of my costume on already, save the armor bits. It was cold enough to justify wearing a coat, hat, gloves, scarf, etc. Thank you all-weather friend for making me not feel worse in this weather.

I also still should pick a perk. I had gone over them, but still hadn’t decided.

    Extra Creative: bonuses to Artistry and Crafting
    Night Owl: see in low light conditions and reduces penalties of sleep based fatigue.
    Hardly hungry: reduce need for sustenance
    Versatile: +5 skill slots
    Instant Boost: +3 stat points
    Skilled Up: +5 skill points
    XP Whore: +10% Level XP gain (Level 10)
    Toughness: bonus HP per level increased by 50% (10 CON)
    Oooh, Shiny!: items of interest or potential loot literally shine and sparkle (PER 10)
    Mana Boost: MP regen rate increased by 25% (WIS 10)
    Eye Candy: increase your Allure (10 CHA)
    Better Loot: your luck leads you to where they stash the good stuff (10 LUC)

Extra creative didn’t help me immediately. Night Owl and Hardly Hungry felt like trap choices. I could see well in the dark already due to other cheats, and the fatigue penalties I had already experienced previously didn’t seem like much of an issue short term. Slower drop of my Hunger bar would make it harder to gain HP from food so that was a definite no. Versatile, Instant Boost, and Skilled Up, while attractive, were also all things I could get via other means. XP Whore is very desirable, and if it isn’t retroactive, I should take it now. Seriously power, troll? Why the stupid names? Toughness is also desirable, but I could get away with deferring it, since Mana Reserve had been retroactive this probably was too. Mana Boost also looks good, but again can probably be deferred. Is Oooh, Shiny and Better Loot doing the same thing in different ways? Would I be able to turn off those shine and sparkles, or would I get dazzled into blindness when I walk into a wal-mart or an electronics store? This is kind of like the ‘Z-button’ of some RPG game I recall playing once, or was it TAB? Pressing it made every item or container you could loot on the map, give off a blue glow. It was very helpful for pack-ratting everything, but destroyed the exploration and searching aspect of the game. Then again this is my life, so I want to cheat at whatever I can.

The HP issue does worry me. I’ve only got 276 out of 318 healed up right now, and still have a few lingering status effects from getting beat up Friday. I really do want toughness, but I’m also trying to avoid getting into any fights, which means it might not even come into play. An extra 10% on every encounter and completed quest will just get me levels faster which also give me HP, so XP Whore it is.

That’s why you named it that didn’t you? You knew I would pick it. Ass.

You have gained the XP Whore Perk

****​

I equipped my full costume and made my way into the alley behind Fredrico’s house. I needed to get close enough to deal with the stupid dog that did wake up because some other dog woke up and decided to start barking at the stranger in the alley. Apparently my stealth counters only cared about people because it said 0 was watching me. That’s a good limitation to be aware of.

I threw two of the raw steaks filled with over the counter sleeping pills I had stolen and prepared yesterday over the fence. That shut one dog up for now. I threw a third over the fence of the house behind me to shut the other dog up. I hope I didn’t poison them or anything, but I don’t think it is possible to actual OD on over the counter sleeping pills, even if you took a whole bottle, I hope the same goes for the mutts.

Then I waited. Observed showed both dogs had conditions drugged and sleepy. Their barking had woken up some people, but stealth still showed I was unobserved. The owner of the house behind me yelled at his dog to shut up and it left. Fredrico’s German Shepard also quieted down and went back into its doghouse.

I turned on my free camera and did my reconnaissance. There were now four people in the house. <Fredrick Williamson, High School Student/Drug Dealer, Lvl 9>, <Naho Ortiz, High School Student/Thug, Lvl 8>, <Xavier Williamson, Gang-member/Drug Dealer, Lvl 12>, <Selena Garza, Retail Clerk/Girlfriend, Lvl 6>. I used Observe on them all and once again used my remove view and light to fully explore the house.

The gun was still on the coffee table, albeit in a different spot than before. Some cash, pills, weed, and cigarettes and other trash were also on the table. Nacho was passed out on the couch in the same room. Xavier and Selena were asleep on the bed which the old briefcase was under and there was a wallet and a cellphone charging on the nightstand. Fredrico was asleep in one of the other bedrooms, and another wallet and cellphone was on the desk in there. I doubled checked my MP and made another sweep. It had been about another hour and was currently a bit after 3am. I had enough MP for just less than 40 minutes with having all my Golems active at once. That really meant I had less time, because they would also need to retreat to rendezvous points and get retrieved. Well if this whole thing takes longer than 30 minutes it’s probably a bust anyway.

I resumed normal view; and picked the pad lock on the alley gate.

+55 XP for defeating noisy dog
+88 XP for defeating possibly dangerous noisy dog

Wait they didn’t die did they? Oh, good, just knocked out. I opened the gate a crack and went back to my hiding spot, setup my interface and inventory screen and pulled Moon-Moon out.

Giving them on the fly go to location instructions was a bit odd. It was bit like mentally clicking a RTS map with unit selected except the map was the real work and I was using a hand gesture to indicated a spot some physical distance away from me. There might be a total range limit to this I have not determined yet, probably the overall active golem range, and also this creates line of sight issues. Such as I could and did tell it to do to the back porch which I could see from where I was. Moon-moon ran through the open gate and went up to the porch and stopped. It’s path finding routines seem quite good.

The LOS Issues can also be partially solved by my free camera; which I then used to see inside the house and sent Moon-Moon to the living room. It went right through the doggie door to the place I had mentally designated. Phase 1 is working out. I pulled the rest of the golems out of my inventory and sent them to various locations inside the house, time to begin phase 2.

I began sub-vocalizing my commands.

“Moon-Moon fetch ‘Ruger LCR’, Golem 1 fetch ‘Xavier’s Flip-phone’, Golem 2 fetch ‘Xavier’s Wallet’, Golem 3,4,5,6,7 fetch ‘Old Briefcase’, Golem 8 fetch ‘Fredrick’s Wallet’, Golem 9 fetch ‘Fredrick’s Smartphone’, Golem 10 fetch ‘Stack of twenties’, Spider-Bong, Golem 11,12,13,14,15,16 go to hallway”

Lesson #1, Golems are not stealthy.

My view was on Moon-moon because the gun was the biggest threat. Despite the free camera I could not split my vision to multiple places, though that would be a neat ability, I had to hope for the best on the others, things were moving fast now. Moon-moon jumped up on to the recliner and jumped form the recliner onto the coffee table, which scattered all kinds of shit everywhere including the stack of twenties that was up there, now no longer in a stack. Moon-moon was unable to get his mouth on the gun, but was at least able to knock it into the floor where he proceeded to chase it. This quickly resulted into him pushing it around the floor of the living room with his nose.

The commotion caused Nacho to wake up from the couch. He then proceeded to scream upon seeing a ugly clay dog thing chasing a gun, and a giant beetle running through the living room carrying a smartphone, it’s pinchers trailing a charging cord behind it, which proceeded to get caught on the furniture and get ripped out of the beetle’s mouth. At least the charging cord and the smart phone became separated in the process and my beetle Golem got back up picked up the phone again and carried it into the kitchen beyond my view. Well crap. Everyone in the house was probably awake now.

Spider-Bong, Golem 11 & 12 attack ‘Xavier Williamson’, Golem 13 & 14 attack ‘Fredrick Williamson’, Golem 15 & 16 attack ‘Nacho Ortiz’

Lesson #2, Golem path-finding is more than just quite good, it is very excellent.

“Some fucking animals are attacking us” I heard Nacho yell. I heard a woman scream as well, must be Selena. Some of the lights came on in the house. I managed to spot Moon-moon who was standing still, in fact Golem 15 & 16 were also still standing in the hallway. WTF? Why are they just standing there? I noticed several notification messages had queue up. So I viewed them.

Invalid target ‘Nacho Ortiz’
You may gain the ‘Semi-Autonomous Unit Tactics’ specialty for the Strategy skill
Target ‘Ruger LCR’ is inaccessible
Spider-Bong has been destroyed

What? Fuck, “Golem 15 & 16 attack ‘Naho Ortiz’, Yes” Moon-Moon was standing at the edge of the couch his head on the floor staring at something. It was the gun; it had slid under the couch. Nacho had recovered and the lights in the living room were turned on and he kicked Moon-moon across the room, making him crash into a lamp.

“Ow, god damn it. Fuck my foot.” Nacho swore, but Moon-Moon got up and went back to staring at the underside of the couch for all of 1 second.

“Moon-Moon Stop. Moon-Moon attack Naho Ortiz.”

Lesson #3 Golems are still stupid.

I moved my camera toward Xavier’s bedroom. Shit, Golem’s 3,4,5,6 and 7 had not even managed to budge getting the briefcase out from under the bed, or maybe they were working against each other, I’m not sure. Selena was screaming and running for the door wearing nothing but panties and a blanket. Xavier was in nothing but his boxers. “Golem 3, 4, 5, 6, & 7 attack Xavier Williamson” Golem 1 was still pulling on the flip-phone whose charging cord was still stuck in the wall. I couldn’t see Golem 2, so it may have left the room. “Golem 1 carry ‘Xavier’s flip-phone’, Golem 1 go to ‘Under the bed’ Golem 1 guard ‘Xavier’s flip-phone’”

“Shit we’re getting attacked by some cape!” I heard Xavier yell.

I heard the back door open and I had to swap back to normal camera. Shit Nacho was running into the backyard the golems I had sent to attack him charging after him, including Moon-Moon. Oh four golems were standing in front of me, #2, 8, 9 & 10. I picked them up and put them in my inventory including the smartphone, wallets, and a twenty they were holding, while withdrawing my bat and a roll of duct-tape.

I watched from my hiding spot as Nacho climbed the five foot chain link fence in an attempt to get away from the strange creature that were attacking him.

“Sup Nacho” I said as I sprang forward and clubbed him hard on the shoulder while he back was to me half over the fence.

-60 HP, Critical hit, Back-stab

He screamed and fell down on the alley side of the fence. That took about a quarter of his health right there. He wasn’t unconscious though and looked at me.

“CAPE!—“ I cut off his yelling as I swung at his ribs, except he kicked me in the shin at the same time.

-32 HP
-6 HP (4 deflected)

Most of the energy of the bat was absorbed by the end of it hitting the ground and only part of the shaft hitting Nacho in the ribs. I followed through with a kick to his head.

-12 HP

Nacho went limp. A quick Observe showed he was unconscious, concussed, broken collar bone, Fuck, I did that? Severely bruised, several lacerations. Oh and Moon-moon and the only golems had caught up and were trying to gnaw on his arms and legs. “Moon-Moon stop.” The other golems I picked up and put in my inventory. I pulled a wallet out of Nacho’s pockets put it in my inventory, then bound his hands and mouth with duct tape, and left him in the recovery position behind some trash cans. He still had a sliver of green left on his health bar and no status effects indicated internal bleeding, but would it tell me if there was? It was supposedly known effects right? What if I didn’t know? I put the duct tape back into my inventory.

My wonder was interrupted by the sound of a gunshot, followed shortly afterwards by a second. Had they got the gun out from under the couch? I pulled my retrieved golems back out of my inventory and told them to guard me. I swapped into free camera mode, sent it into the house as fast as I could. I heard a third gunshot as I did so. A quick glance at my MP indicated it had only been 5 or 6 minutes, since I pulled all the Golems out and set them to work.

Nacho had left the backdoor wide open, my enhanced hearing heard a car engine start and tires squealing. As my camera got into the living room I also saw that the front door was wide open.

“Selena drove off, where is my fucking phone?”

“I don’t know mine is gone to.”

“Where’s Naho?”

Another gun shot went off. Xavier was shooting at my golems and it wasn’t with the revolver that had gotten stuck under the couch. “Moon-Moon attack Xavier Williamson” That shot had missed but from the ceramic fragments, and the fact that Fredrico was holding a wooden bat in his hands, some of them had been destroyed.

Also, what the fuck? Xavier Williamson said lvl 20 now and Fredrico was lvl 13? Why? Fucking gun and bat? “Golem 2, 8, 9, 10, 15 & 16 fetch ‘twenty dollar bill’” I could at least try to get the ones that had been scattered in the living room.

More gunshots fired, most missing but I saw one of my golems explode into a cloud of fragments. About then Moon-moon charged into the room jumped up and bit Xavier on the thigh. He screamed and I saw blood trickling down. Both looked like they were only missing about 20-25% of their health though.

Xavier’s health dropped to around 50% suddenly as he screamed and I saw Moon-moon and the bat both go flying across the room.

“You fucking asshole watch where you are swinging that thing.”

“Sorry”

I had to react fast. “Moon-Moon Fetch wooden bat. Moon-Moon go to front yard” I spied a spot out the door I could see with my free camera. I didn’t want him to lead them out to the back. I queued up more commands. “Moon-Moon drop. Moon-moon attack Fredrick Williamson” he managed to actually get a hold of the bat this time and my camera followed the scene into the living room as I caught Moon-moon running out the front door.

“There’s more of them going out the back.” Xavier said as more gun shots went off. Shit. The ones fetching the twenties were leading him right to me.

“Golem 2, 8, 9, 10, 15 & 16 go to back yard” I redirect their movement to lead away from me as I saw Xavier run out the kitchen door still in his boxers. I switched back normal camera and looked up as I saw him firing more shots at my golems. Then I heard the familiar click of an empty gun failing to fire.

I don’t know what possessed me. “All attack Xavier Williamson” but I sprung up from my spot, went through the gate and ran up to him while he was still facing the golems that suddenly turned around and charged at him.

Xavier spun around at the last moment and I only clipped him with my bat.

-16 HP

He tried to shoot me but the gun just clicked. He managed to punch me in the kidneys twice before I could recover from my swing.

-8 HP (10 deflected)
-8 HP (10 deflected)

I swung again and missed. He punched me in the side of the head, the hat and hockey helmet absorbed a lot of the blow.

-6 HP (8 deflected)
-1 HP

I kicked and missed. He tackled me to the ground and punched me in the stomach, catching me half below the torso protection.

0 HP (4 deflected)
-7 HP (4 deflected)

I must have lost my bat because I was now trying to punch and kick him. At least I had armor and he was wearing nothing but his underwear. I managed to land one blow before I felt a hard punch to my jaw, a few layers of my scarf the only thing giving me any cushioning.

-6 HP
-14 HP (2 deflected)

He was on top of me and holding me down, then kneed me hard in the nuts. I was so glad I added the cup.

-1 HP
-5 HP (12 deflected)
-1 HP
-2 HP
-1 HP
-1 HP
-3 HP
-1 HP

He let up on his assault long enough for me to squirm away as I saw Moon-Moon jump on his back and bite down on his shoulder. My golems were biting and scratching anything they could find, but he managed to grab one and bang it on the ground a few times hard enough to snap off an arm and a leg, but it still kept biting his hand.

-5 HP
-2 HP
-1 HP

My foot finally found purchase and I kicked down on his bare toes.

-8 HP

He responded with smashing the twitching golem that was still in his hand, its sharp broken ceramic edges exposed right into my face, breaking the plastic of my ski goggles and cutting into my flesh.

-22 HP (2 deflected) Critical hit

I staggered backwards free of my pin, but I also couldn’t see out of one eye, and rolled over something hard and cylindrical. It was my bat. I grabbed it sat up and swung it as hard as I could. Xavier managed to bring and arm up to block.

-46 HP

I heard a snapping sound, and a bone erupted out of his forearm. Aluminum bat vs. bare forearm? Bat wins. Xavier howled in pain. Another swing to the knee left him twisted and unmoving. Though I think I accidentally may have smashed one of my own Golems when I did that.

-52 HP

“You fucker!” someone yelled as I felt a horrible pain in my back just below my right shoulder

-66 HP (18 deflected)
Your Gamer’s body skill has increased by 1

I twisted around to glimpse Fredrico as he tackled me, one hand still holding to whatever was stuck in my back. “All stop. All guard me”

I hit the ground and scream as what only had to be a knife twisted and cut deeper. I heard the sound of cracking plastic of my torso protection, but Fredrick seemed to let go as the knife appeared stuck.

-44 HP
-2 (Bleeding)

He took advantage of my staggered daze to punch me hard in the chest.

-15 HP (9 deflected)
-4 HP

I crawled backwards as my golems started to swarm him; there was noticeably less that I started out with.

-1 HP
-2 HP
-1 HP
-1 HP
-2 HP (Bleeding)
-2 HP
-1 HP
-3 HP
-6 HP
-1 HP
-2 HP (Bleeding)

Moon-Moon was clearly doing the most damage, but it looked like pieces of him were missing. I took advantage of the distraction my golems provided to pull the knife out of my back,

-24 HP
-3 HP (Bleeding)

Shit, that, that may have been a mistake.

-2 HP
-1 HP
-3 HP
-3 HP (Bleeding)

I should but I didn’t want to stab the guy. I put the knife into my inventory. I tried to enter stealth mode, but it didn’t work. So I just swung my bat him. Which made my shoulder hurt like hell. But I connected with a solid thwack on his… ass… because that was what was closest to me at the time.

-12 HP
-4 HP
-3 HP (Bleeding)

Okay I needed to end this. I switch the bat to my off hand as I kicked at Fredrick, promptly missed and he punched me in my extended leg, threw me off balance, and I fell to the ground. At least I avoided hitting my back but the impact still hurt.

-12 HP (0 deflected)
-6 HP
-3 HP (Bleeding)

Moon-moon came to my rescue at bit down on Fredrico’s Achilles tendon. He too was in nothing but his pajamas, but at least he had a shirt on. The other golems did minor damage or fuck-all.

-16 HP (critical hit)
-1 HP
-1 HP
-1 HP

While on the ground I swung the bat with my off hand at his other leg and connected to his ankle, knocked him off his feet, and I heard his head hit the ground with an awful sounding thunk. His ankle lay twisted in a position it shouldn’t be in, and he stopped moving.

-20 HP
-15 HP
-3 (Bleeding)

“All stop. All fetch twenty dollar bills. Moon-moon stop. Moon-moon fetch old briefcase.” It had been about 15 minutes, all that in 15 minutes. Fuck what the hell did I do here? How many golems did I lose? I had a whole slew of unread notifications that would stay unread for now.

Lesson #4, Tiny golems are shit for combat, but could be useful for distractions and fetching if they had better grasping ability.

-3 (Bleeding)

The adrenaline was wearing off and I needed to do something about that, but I also didn’t want these fuckers to wake up. I pulled the duct tape out of my inventory again and bound Xavier’s and Fredrico’s hands and put them in the recovery position.

-3 (Bleeding)
-2 (Bleeding)
-2 (Bleeding)

By the time I was done I was hearing sirens. Also that was weird, my HP is higher than it was a few seconds ago, but still a startling 118, out or 342? Oh I gained a CON point.

I bent over to put a few of my surviving golems into my inventory some of them holding twenties in their little mouths or paws, some just standing around dumbly. I went into the house to see Moon-moon dragging the old briefcase into the hallway. I picked both of them up and dropped them into my inventory. There was still plenty of weed and pills strewn about the living room for the police to find.

-2 (Bleeding)
-2 (Bleeding)

No longer in danger of losing all my MP to having the golems out, I did some quick Observes on Xavier and Fredrico before I headed toward the alley. They were still alive. Xavier had a badly broken forearm, and was concussed. Lacerations and bite wounds all over. Fredrico had a broken ankle, a torn Achilles tendon, was also concussed, and plenty of other bite and scratch wounds on the exposed part of his body from the golems. No apparent bleeding effects like I was currently suffering.

-2 (Bleeding)
-2 (Bleeding)

I got to the alleyway and noticed that Nacho wasn’t there anymore. I quickened my pace because this was bad, like really fucking bad. I was losing a couple of points every 15 seconds or so, and I didn’t know if Nacho went to retrieve some buddies or not. 110 HP left and I would bleed down to zero in less than fifteen minutes. I jogged, half ran to the nearby gas station that I had made note of on my way hear for just this possibility. I made sure my stealth eye showed that no one was watching and swapped out my costume via inventory for something more normal looking and not bloody. My clean shirt wouldn’t stay that way for long, but hopefully a quick run into the bathroom will let it not look like a horrible bloodstain on the cameras.

By the time I got into a stall in the gas station bathroom I had lost another 16 HP from bleeding.

-16 HP (Bleeding)

If this didn’t work, I’d have to call 911 hope I didn’t die and figure out something else. I de-equipped my shirt and pulled out the first aid kit and tried my best to patch myself up.

-2 HP (Bleeding)
-2 HP (Bleeding)
-1 HP (Bleeding)
-1 HP (Bleeding)

More notifications. I haven’t even had time to look at the ones from the fight yet. At least that is down to 1 HP every thirty seconds. Now I have 88 HP left, great, so now I have 22 minutes before I am at zero. Did that knife nick an artery? “Status Effects”

    Bleeding (from puncture wound)
    -4 HP loss per minute.

    Status: Treated (semi-successful)
    Timer: 17 minutes remaining.

    Blood loss from a bleeding effect can be eliminated in whole or in part via a successful use of the Medicine skill. Difficulty varies based on type and severity of the wound. Penalties apply to performing first aid on yourself. A wound can be treated only once per person, until an individual with higher skill can make an attempt.



Okay 17 minute timer remaining? That is cutting it damn close. But does that mean it will stop or just downgrade to a less serious form and keep ticking away? I need more HP. I went to the sink and clean up and treat the cut on my face above my eye. Now both eyes had gashes above them, one only stitched up from Friday. I looked like shit.

-4 HP (Bleeding)

Eh? I just gained another 4 HP after that bit dropped. Timer jumped down from 16 to 8 minutes. I went back into the bathroom stall, pulled my planned lunch out of my inventory and scarfed it down for more HP gain while I read through my accumulated notifications.

Golem 11 destroyed
Golem 13 destroyed
Your Strategy skill has increased by 1
Golem 12 destroyed
Golem 16 cannot fetch ‘twenty dollar bill’, nearest matching target inaccessible
Golem 14 destroyed
Golem 3 destroyed
For performing a repeated action you may gain the ‘Power Strike’ skill
For performing a repeated action you may gain the ‘Melee Weapons’ skill
+55 XP for defeating Naho Ortiz
Golem 5 destroyed
Golem 7 destroyed
+44 XP for defeating Selena Garza
Golem 4 destroyed
Your Strategy skill has increased by 1
Golem 1 destroyed
Golem 6 destroyed
You may gain the Street Brawling specialty for Unarmed Combat
+110 XP for defeating Xavier Williamson
Your Gamer’s Body skill has increased by 1
+77 XP for defeating Fredrick Williamson
For testing the limits of your endurance and vitality, you have gained 1 CON
Your Medicine skill has increased by 1
Your Gamer’s Body skill has increased by 1

Jesus. Yes Power Strike, Yes Melee Weapons, Yes Street Brawling. What? I didn’t even fight Selena, she just ran away.

Six, I had six small golems left, plus Moon-moon. Even Spider-bong was gone. Two of the small ones had minor damage, and one spider shaped one had only 5 HP left, and was missing five legs, and both its mandibles. So it jumped up from a Gamer’s Body gain.

-4 HP (Bleeding)

And I am still fucking bleeding. 7 minutes, 28 more HP to lose out of 90. Game power says I don’t die when I hit zero, I just start taking stat damage. I die when my CON is zero. I glanced in the mirror I looked pretty pale. I need to eat more food, there was no more food in my inventory.

I re-equipped my only somewhat bloody shirt and went out of the bathroom and pulled a gallon milk jug out of the fridge. A glance at my Stealth eyes showed I was being watched and recorded. Can’t really swipe it.

-4 HP (Bleeding)

Some old lady was indecisively buying lottery tickets at the counter while I stood in line with a jug of milk and a twenty. “Hey I’m just gonna buy this super quick do you mind?”

“Wait your turn.” The clerk said from behind the counter. He was the only employee in here. Fuck lady why are you buying lottery tickets at 3:20a, on Sunday morning.

-4 HP (Bleeding)

5 minutes. Fuck it. I opened the milk and started chugging it, while I primed my phone for 911.

“Hey! You can’t do that!” The clerk said. I threw the twenty at him.

-12 HP (Bleeding)

2 minutes. It takes a while to drink a half gallon. I only managed to gain +8 HP before my Hunger bar maxed out. I didn’t even finish half the jug.

-4 HP (Bleeding)

The old lady finally left. The clerk and I stared at each awkwardly. “I still need my change” I said while resisting the urge to pass out. All the adrenaline had worn off and I hurt everywhere despite my supposed 50% pain resistance.

-4 HP (Bleeding)

The clerk handed my change to me. “Did you bleed on my floor?” He asked me.

“Uhh…” I looked at him blankly still trying to stay focused. Another notification fired off. It said the Dizziness de-buff from my Blood loss had doubled.

“There is blood on the back of your shirt. I can see it in the security mirror and when you got that milk a moment ago. Are you feeling okay?”

“Ask me again in a minute.” If this doesn’t work I may blow the rest of those stat points on finishing off the Gamer’s Body skill.

But it had stopped. The bleeding effect had gone away with 70 HP left. I still felt fucking dizzy, because of course that one didn’t go away yet.

“Are you going to buy anything else? There is no loitering here.”

“Yeah, I want that long sleeve T-shirt over there. The red one that says ‘I’m with Stupid.’”

For exercising your strength to the point of extreme strain you have gained 1 STR
Your Gamer’s Body skill has increased by 1
Your Thievery skill has increased by 1
25 of 25 items stolen for the quest Sticky Fingers
+300 XP, Sticky Fingers quest completed
New Title obtained: Apprentice Thief
Your Thievery skill has increased by 1
You have unlocked the No Prints feature for Thievery
For careful thought and consideration of the consequences of your decisions you have gained 1 WIS
You may gain the ‘Games’ specialty for the Strategy skill
You have gained the XP Whore Perk
+55 XP for defeating noisy dog
+88 XP for defeating dangerous dog
You may gain the ‘Semi-Autonomous Unit Tactics’ specialty for the Strategy skill
Your Strategy skill has increased by 1
For performing a repeated action you may gain the ‘Power Strike’ skill
For performing a repeated action you may gain the ‘Melee Weapons’ skill
+55 XP for defeating Naho Ortiz
+44 XP for defeating Selena Garza
Your Strategy skill has increased by 1
You may gain the Street Brawling specialty for Unarmed Combat
+110 XP for defeating Xavier Williamson
Your Gamer’s Body skill has increased by 1
+77 XP for defeating Fredrick Williamson
For testing the limits of your endurance and vitality, you have gained 1 CON
+440 XP Quest: Where’s my Money? Bitch completed
Your Medicine skill has increased by 1
Your Gamer’s Body skill has increased by 1

Name: Simon Clarence Anderson
Gender: Male
Age: 15
Race: Parahuman
Class: Foster Kid / Theif
Faction: None
Money: $474.25
Title: Apprentice Thief
Level: 10 (67.94%)
XP: 9369

Primary Attributes
STR: 9 (-1.25) 7.75 (27.65%)
AGI: 7 (-1.00) 6.00 (55.74%)
CON: 14 (-2.60) 11.40 (33.42%)
INT: 22 (-2.00) 20.00 (7.72%)
PER: 11 (-2.00) 9.00 (52.38%)
WIS: 21 (-2.00) 19.00 (1.25%)
CHA: 12 (-1.50) 10.50 (84.27%)
LUC: 10 (0.00) 10.00 (58.34%)
Unspent Points: 26

Secondary Attributes
Health Pool: 70/347
Stamina Pool: 42/298
Mana Pool: 1454/2750
Stress Pool: 430/430

Attack: 7.88
Speed: 2.70
Dodge: 9.35
Armor: 0.20
Carry: 77.50
Allure: 2.20

Status Effects
Teenage Acne: ALU -0.5
Bruises & Lacerations: STR -0.25 CON -0.6 ALU -0.15
Stab Wound (R-Upper Back): STR -1 AGI -1 CON -1
Anemia: CON -1 INT -2 PER -2 WIS -2 CHA -1.5 ALU -0.15

Skills
Max Slots: 42
Free Skill Slots: 7
Artistry: 10 (71.23%)
Athletics: 10 (24.57%)
Basic Academics: 9 (10.43%)
Computers: 10 (0.00%)
Crafting (Stone & Pottery): 10 (0.00%)
Create Mana Golem: 10 (2.77%)
Disease Resistance: 6 (52.60%)
Drug & Poison Resistance: 10 (6.54%)
Empathy: 10 (3.87%)
Firearms: 1 (0.00%)
Gamer’s Body: 21 (11.11%)
Gamer’s Interface: MAX (0.00%)
Gamer’s Mind: MAX (0.00%)
Language-English: MAX (0.00%)
Language-Spanish: MAX (0.00%)
Lockpicking: 10 (10.54%)
Mathematics: 3 (33.43%)
Medicine: 2 (0.00%)
Meditation: 11 (44.03%)
Melee Weapons: 1 (0.00%)
Null Resistance: 3 (13.69%)
Observe: 11 (96.36%)
Parahuman Lore: 6 (47.86%)
Power Strike: 1 (0.00%)
Programming: 10 (0.54%)
Psychology: 5 (0.00%)
Science (Biology): 1 (53.22%)
Science (Earth): 1 (0.00%)
Speech: 8 (6.74%)
Stealth: 10 (45.65%)
Strategy: 3 (35.30%)
Thievery: 5 (74.34%)
Unarmed Combat: 1 (0.00%)
Vehicle Operations: 3 (0.00%)
Video Games: 26 (5.87%)
Unspent Skill Points: 6

Perks
Free Perk Slots: 0
Gaia's Blessing: Mana Pool and Mana Skill access
Gaia's Attunement: Elemental Affinity access
Light Sleeper: Need only 5 hours to get fully rested
Mana Reserve: Bonus MP per level increased by 25%
XP Whore: +10% Level XP

Flaws
Selective Amnesia: We had to make room for stuff in your head
A Bit of a Troll: Sometimes you just can't help yourself
Unnatural Curiosity: Can't always resist the urge to find stuff out

Cheaty Powers
Invisible Light Source: White on White Interface Theme
Language Comprehension: Multi-lingual subtitles
Limited Remote Viewing: Free & Third Person Camera Modes
Limited Microscopic View: Free Camera Zoom In
Distracting Sound: Profanity filter
See in Darkness: Contrast, Brightness & Gamma Correction
Super Hearing: Selective volume controls
Audio Filtering: Selective channel muting
Sound Protection: Built in decibel control
Personal Jukebox: Broadcast Music library
FRAPS: Record and playback from Camera POV
Cape Detection: From Observe & Overhead Tags
Media Access: From inventory w/ Data-interface & Wi-fi signal
Temporal Stasis Effect: From inventory
Quick Change/Equip: From inventory-avatar drag-drop
Observation detection: From stealth - detecting & electonic eye interface
