Sunday, February 14th, 2010

I took my recently purchased shirt and staggered back into the bathroom, holding on shelves to keep me steady. Inside I swapped it with the slightly bloody one going into my inventory. The original shirt I was wearing under my armor was, according to an observe on its inventory icon ‘thoroughly blood soaked’. My Trench coat was bad off as well, plus they all had a knife hole rip in them. Oh well, nothing a round of shopping won’t fix. I staggered once again back out into the shop part of the gas station and headed for the door. I’m still worried about the anemia effect though, it hadn’t gone away, and had some steep penalties.

Why is my fatigue bar low? I literally just woke up less than two hours ago and it was full? Shit why is my interface blurry? I was hit by a blast of cold night air as the automatic doors opened and I stepped back out. At least I am not bleeding anymore, I guess the worst of it is—“

****​

I came to and found myself in a hospital bed, with a blue gown on and everything. My clothes were folded up neatly in a pile on an adjacent table. The word ‘stupid’ was prominently displayed on top. My face hurt and my back felt even worse. The back of my head also hurt. I reached up and felt a new set of stitches on my face and a fat lump on the back of my head. I pulled up my inventory screen, everything was there, and I looked at myself on my avatar, and then with my free camera as an extra measure. What the fuck happened? I saw the pending unread notifications and opened them up.

You are suffering from the Status Effect ‘Fainted’
-12 HP
The Status Effect ‘Fainted’ has been replaced with the Status Effect ‘Unconscious’
The Status Effect ‘Transfusion’ has been applied
The Status Effect ‘Anemia’ has been removed
The Status Effect ‘Transfusion’ has been removed
1 of 5 events achieved for Quest: Become a Cape!
The Status Effect ‘Unconscious’ has been removed

Um, okay. My Fatigue bar was back to full, as was my stamina and MP. My HP was back up to 99/347. Did Anemia or the fight make my fatigue do down? The fight definite was the cause of my loss of stamina, that was expected, but fatigue had never gone down at any rate other than its highly regular even depletion from 100 to 0 over 19 hours between rests. I glanced at my watch; it was a few minutes past 7a.m. Did I sleep because my fatigue became low enough or because I had become unconscious?

Resting was the ultimate point replenisher. Figuring out a way to exploit around the ‘you are not tired enough to rest’ barrier would be highly useful. I typed up a reminder in my notes to investigate this in the future.

A further glance around showed I was hooked up to a simple monitor and had an IV in my arm. Well at least I wasn’t handcuffed to the bed. I spied my chart. I didn’t want to get up and set anything off so I scryed my way over to it to get a look.

Doe, John. Anemia from Trauma induced Class 3 hemorrhage. Blood Type O-. Transfusion Received, vitals monitoring. Code 1608...

You have learned a new thing about yourself: Your blood type is O-, the universal donor.

“Well, you’re awake, Hope you’re feeling well enough to chat.” Well shit. An elderly man in a doctor’s coat holding a clipboard said as he walked up to my body. I swapped back to normal view and looked up at him while he continued talking. His overhead tag read <Dr. Thomas Grant, ER Surgeon, lvl 10>.

“The paramedics that brought you in couldn’t find any ID on you. Is there anyone you would like us to contact?”

Well that’ because everything is still in my inventory. Also that’s an odd question to start off with. “No not really. You don’t want to know my name?”

“You can give it if you like, though there is a procedure we follow whenever we get... unusual cases. Do you know what happen to you?”

Well shit, what did the doctors and nurses discover? I activated my Speech skill, and glanced at my stealth dot, to confirm no cameras were recording me. “I’d like to hear your observe-ations first, if you don’t mind.”

“Well, Paramedics told me they picked you up after getting a call about you collapsing at a gas station very early this morning. You injuries looked like you may have been mugged or beat up in a fight. You showed strong signs of Anemia, that’s blood loss. They found the wound on your back, someone had patched you up but didn’t do a very good job of it, and so they re-did it and brought you here. You had all the signs of a Class 3 Hemorrhage. We had to put near two and half pints of blood back into you and I probed the wound to make sure there wasn’t any internal bleeding.”

“Well thanks, I guess. But why is that an unusual case?”

“You shouldn’t have even been capable of walking around with a wound like that. And when I looked, the artery was fine, but the tissues above and below it weren’t, and you clearly bled far more than you would have if your artery or other major blood vessel had not been nicked.”

Right, so that was a not so subtle hit that he thinks I am a Parahuman. Code 1608? Also given his description, does that mean I have some kind of healing ability? “You said something about a procedure you follow?”

“We moved you to a private room. We also have a duty to report violent injuries which include stab wounds to the police. As well as unusual cases to the PRE.”

Well fuck that. “And have you done that Yet?”

“I personally haven’t but others may have I wasn’t the only one attending you. Clearly you’ve been through a very traumatic experience recently. We want to make sure patients suffering such things have an adequate time to adapt, calm down, and come out of shock. There is some reading material I can give you if you like.” He pulled some pamphlets out and set them on the table by my bed. Trigger Event and You. And The Protectorate: What we do and how we can help. “Now do you have some parents or guardians I can contact?”

Fuck that even more. “Why would you need to contact my— Oh right, my …youthful appearance…” I roll my eyes and sigh as if this was something I dealt with before. "It’s a side effect of the …unusualness… I assure you that won’t be necessary, and I will be checking myself out under my own cognizance. I presume doctor-patient confidentiality is under full effect and then some, and just so it is fully understood, you do not have my permission to share any information you are not legally required to.”

“Yes, that’s in effect. You certainly look better than you did a couple hours ago.”

“I’m sure you have other patients to attend to. So if you don’t mind, I’d like to use the restroom. Thank you for the pamphlets.” I said as I began unhooking myself from the machines in order to get up.

“Are you sure you don’t need any assistance?”

I stood up next to the bed and detached my IV stand from it to roll it away, even though it was still in my arm. “I’m certain.”

“Alright, hit the nurse call button if you do.” Then he went out and shut the room door behind him.

I grabbed the pamphlets and my clothes and went into the bathroom as soon as he left; inventory equip swapping them immediately. I even dropped the entire IV stand bag and everything into my inventory. Bag was still pretty full, might come in handy one day, despite the weight it added. My STR de-buff already dropped my carry weight so I wasn’t going to be sprinting out of this anyway. I even threw the pamphlets in there; I could read them later even if it’s just propaganda.

I came out of the bathroom and opened the room window, and… yeah right, not happening, as I realized I was on an upper floor when I peered out.

I stood behind the room door and did a quick scry of the hall. The Doc hadn’t even wandered that far off yet. I looked around and saw a few ceiling camera, and considered how to exit and shield my face. Though since I was brought in here, I probably was already on something. There was still too many about that might easily pay attention to the door or myself when I stepped out though. I felt around for the door handle with my body.

Well I never tried this before, set my interface volume real low and my camera near one of the ladies behind the hall desk, turned broadcast and my profanity filter on, and whispered, [CENSORED]. Good she turned to see what it was. I moved my camera further away, set my interface windows up to quick access the camera swap controls, turned on stealth, cranked up my interface volume and had my body open my room door a crack.

[CENSORED]

While everyone turned to look toward where my invisible free camera point had been located I stepped out the room, hand shielding my face, while swapping cameras. I managed to make it around the corner before running into the wall.

-2 HP

I choked back my urge to yell at having whacked my arm into the wall. I really need to practice trying to move while my view was in free camera mode. Even swapping right back immediately was still enough to throw off my balance.

Some several minutes later I found the stairwell and was on the ground floor. No one was acting as if in a frantic rush, no guards were running around. Was I just being paranoid? Then I saw a cape talking to someone at the information desk.

<Arthur Kensington/Dispatch, Protectorate Officer/Hero, Lvl ??>

He wore a white costume with steel spiky points on his shoulders and forehead. His mask was an ugly stupid looking frown, covering the top of his face. Or is that supposed to be an arch? Whatever it looked dumb as hell.

“Observe”

    Name: Arthur Kensington
    Level: ??
    Alias: Dispatch
    Gender: Male
    Age: 35 (37)
    Ethnicity: Cajun, Creole
    Race: Human (Parahuman)
    Class: Protectorate Officer / Hero
    Faction: Protectorate, PRT

    STR: 17 (+100) 117
    AGI: 16 (??) ??
    CON: 18 (??) ??
    INT: ?? (??) ??
    PER: ?? (??) ??
    WIS: ?? (??) ??
    CHA: 10 (??) ??
    LUC: ?? (??) ??

    Allure: 3.5
    Armor: 6.0
    Speed: ?? (??) ??
    Attack: ??
    Dodge: ??

    Health: 2350/2350
    Stamina: 1340/1340
    Stress: ??
    H/T/F: ...

    Summary Description: Arthur, known as Dispatch in his Hero Identity is a member of the Houston Protectorate...

    Status Effects:
    Mental: Caffeine Addiction, ...
    Physical: Caffeine Withdrawal, Fatigued, Conflict-Seeking, ...
    Currently Feeling: Cranky, Annoyed, Sleepy

    Motivations:
    Investigate Parahuman report, perform well at his job, avoid paperwork, help people, improve personal relationships, ...
    Equipment list:
    Light Ballistic and Ablative resistant armored costume
    Small Kevlar Backpack,
    Utility Belt,
    5 Small Emergency Oxygen Canisters with built in Masks,
    ...



Holy Fuck! He has 117 STR and over two thousand HP? He has over thirteen hundred stamina? And why does he have two numbers next to age? I still can’t even see the rest of his stats. I need to Grind Observe more. No way will I tangle with this guy if he does spot me.

I took a FRAPS snapshot of Dispatch and the open Observe window as he finished talking to the lady at the information desk and headed for the elevators. Once he was gone I strode confidently to the exit.

****​

Your Observe skill has increased by 1
Your Thievery skill has increased by 1
Your Athletics skill has increased by 1

I had read the pamphlets on the bus rides between stores. They must have at least had some useful information because my Parahuman Lore went up a smidge. It was bus for long distances or jogging for the rest.

I couldn’t sprint, my Inventory induced encumbrance would not let me, but jogging plus the weight of my inventory at least let burn off stamina that would have otherwise been wasted. Yeah it was screwing with my ability to probably get more Athletics specialties, but I may have enough already. After careful observation and testing, it appears that consuming around 25 stamina seems to have the same effect as taking 1 HP of damage in terms of the amount of progress gains it nets me for Gamer’s Body and CON. Confirmed as a few times I lost a couple of HP due to not paying attention and jostling my injury. My STR progress had also gone up a minor amount, but I’d probably need a lot more weight to overburden myself to make this more efficient. I couldn’t do this before I had an inventory to exploit the weight load.

After eating lunch I went and found a hair salon to get a haircut and have my hair bleached and dyed. It would take a while so I’d get a chance to recover some stamina also before jogging again. If I was being searched for, best to change my appearance as much as possible. I had already swapped clothing garnered form my shopping trip, going with an entirely different style. I tossed all the clothes that were bloody. I briefly contemplated going to a laundry mat, but why bother when stealing new ones is a lot easier? I even tossed my trench coat after finding something to replace it. I had not fixed or replaced the Motocross torso armor yet, but I did clean it up, not sure what to do with it yet.

I’d have to go back to the Beckett’s eventually today. That was another reason for the makeover. Not to stay there, but just to get my crap from where I hid it in the alley. I was done with that place. I still needed to find out where I was going to sleep though.

I spammed Observe again on everyone and everything in the Hair salon while I was stuck in the chair meditating on my plans for the rest of the week. Of course I still had to get the bus ticket and get over that in person parental consent obstacle. What could I do there? Bluff it? Fake ID? Hire someone to pretend to be my parent? I was already spending a chuck of my ill-gotten money on this hair change. I can’t exactly steal services, or a motel room.

    Quest: How much of a Bum are you?

    Find a safe place to sleep for the next three days.

    Time limit: 75 hours.
    Success: +150 XP per night.
    Failure: Homelessness worse that what you already chose.



Well, okay. That’s a thing. Hmm, Teenage Runaway/Thief is my class now? Yeah I guess that fits. My new dirty blonde hair look was complete, and since Simon was known for wearing glasses, even if they were non-prescription I kept those put away

For performing a repeated action you may gain the Disguise skill

Yes, perfect. I definitely want that. I clicked yes and immediately got two more notifications.

You have unlocked the ‘Mannerisms’ bonus feature for Disguise
You have unlocked the ‘Flair for Detail’ bonus feature for Disguise

Hmm, neat. What happens with Speech level 10?

Make-up to help cover up the injuries could probably help as well, but some part of me cringed at doing that as a guy. But why shouldn’t I? Actors do it all the time. Heck the whole reason I had gotten face paint for costume was to obscure my skin color on what parts were visible. I wrote down ‘make-up kit’ on my shopping list, but would having one justify its weight in my inventory?

Well, I need to get the rest of my crap, and find a locker to store whatever I didn’t want to cart around in my inventory. I’m so tempted to put points into STR to up my carry value, but I don’t want to fail that stat training quest. I started jogging back toward the house.

****​

The loot from the old brief case I had gotten from the Drug house was sparse, then again maybe it wasn’t because I didn’t know the street value of any of this, and Observe never told me. I had three 1 lb. saran-wrapped bricks of marijuana, rolling papers, and three mostly full bottles of Oxycontin. Observe on the pills themselves actually confirmed it, and I ended up taking a couple to deal with my shoulder pain. There was also 250 bucks in there that I already added to my money supply, and the cash I took from the three stooges wallets. The briefcase itself I ended up tossing as dead weight, as well anything not useful from the wallets. I have to question though if this haul was worth everything that happened.

I also had the bloody knife I had been stabbed with. If that ever happens again, next time maybe see if I can use my inventory to directly remove it rather than pulling it out by hand? At least I cleaned it off in a bathroom before putting it back. Obviously all that shit is not going into a locker and going to stay right inside my personal extra dimensional storage space.

Do I use this stuff to tray and train up Drug Resist more, toss them or actually try to sell them to get rid of them? That last option seems too risky and is definitely too risky to do before I leave the city.

I did still have Xavier’s Credit cards and Driver’s License, he was twenty-two. An older brother or cousin maybe? Those presented some possibilities, but not sure if I wanted to do that. Nacho and Fredrico’s stuff was worthless except Fredrico’s smart phone. I used Data Interface on it to copy all its content to a USB stick. I’d get around to wiping, rooting, unlocking, and swapping the sim card on the phone later.

****​

I took a couple long drags of the joint as I strolled up to the bushes where I had hid my stuff last night. Damn, those oxy pills were a hell of a lot stronger than anything they gave me before for the broken arm. Not that I condone doing drugs kid, that be bad okay? But I got reasons, grinding up the drug resist for the win, or something. Wait, why the fuck am I talking like this? It not like someone can hear my thoughts. Oh yeah I am thinking not talking. Uh, maybe? I didn’t say any of that out loud did I? Where the fuck is my shit? There it is.

I started putting my crap into my inventory. The bright flashes hurt my eyes a bit, but so long and good riddance to this place you fuckers!

“Simon?”

I froze and turned around, and stared at Rachel who was wide-eyed and standing on the other side of the alley just outside the gate to the Beckett’s house smoking. My joint and her cigarette fell out of our mouths at the same time.

Fuck.

1 of 5 events achieved for Quest: Become a Cape!
You have learned a new thing about yourself: Your blood type is O-, the universal donor.
Your Observe skill has increased by 1
Your Thievery skill has increased by 1
Your Athletics skill has increased by 1
For performing a repeated action you may gain the Disguise skill
You have unlocked the ‘Mannerisms’ bonus feature for Disguise
You have unlocked the ‘Artistic Detail’ bonus feature for Disguise

Name: Simon Clarence Anderson
Gender: Male
Age: 15
Race: Parahuman
Class: Teenage Runaway / Thief
Faction: None
Money: $412.50
Title: Apprentice Thief
Level: 10 (67.94%)
XP: 9369

Primary Attributes
STR: 9 (-1.25) 7.75 (38.15%)
AGI: 7 (-1.00) 6.00 (55.74%)
CON: 14 (-1.60) 12.40 (52.41%)
INT: 22 (0.00) 22.00 (8.32%)
PER: 11 (0.00) 11.00 (52.38%)
WIS: 21 (0.00) 21.00 (14.94%)
CHA: 12 (0.00) 12.00 (85.33%)
LUC: 10 (0.00) 10.00 (58.34%)
Unspent Points: 26

Secondary Attributes
Health Pool: 114/347
Stamina Pool: 122/298
Mana Pool: 534/2750
Stress Pool: 430/430

Attack: 7.88
Speed: 2.70
Dodge: 10.55
Armor: 0.20
Carry: 77.50
Allure: 2.35

Status Effects
Teenage Acne: ALU -0.5
Bruises & Lacerations: STR -0.25 CON -0.6 ALU -0.15
Stab Wound (R-Upper Back): STR -1 AGI -1 CON -1


Skills
Max Slots: 42
Free Skill Slots: 6
Artistry: 10 (71.23%)
Athletics: 11 (3.45%)
Basic Academics: 9 (10.43%)
Computers: 10 (0.00%)
Crafting (Stone & Pottery): 10 (0.00%)
Create Mana Golem: 10 (2.77%)
Disease Resistance: 6 (52.60%)
Disguise: 1 (0.00%)
Drug & Poison Resistance: 10 (24.65%)
Empathy: 10 (3.87%)
Firearms: 1 (0.00%)
Gamer’s Body: 21 (23.08%)
Gamer’s Interface: MAX (0.00%)
Gamer’s Mind: MAX (0.00%)
Language-English: MAX (0.00%)
Language-Spanish: MAX (0.00%)
Lockpicking: 10 (10.54%)
Mathematics: 3 (33.43%)
Medicine: 2 (0.00%)
Meditation: 11 (48.81%)
Melee Weapons: 1 (0.00%)
Null Resistance: 3 (13.69%)
Observe: 12 (95.83%)
Parahuman Lore: 6 (76.56%)
Power Strike: 1 (0.00%)
Programming: 10 (0.54%)
Psychology: 5 (0.00%)
Science (Biology): 1 (53.22%)
Science (Earth): 1 (0.00%)
Speech: 8 (24.98%)
Stealth: 10 (87.54%)
Strategy: 3 (35.30%)
Thievery: 6 (0.00%)
Unarmed Combat: 1 (0.00%)
Vehicle Operations: 3 (0.00%)
Video Games: 26 (5.87%)
Unspent Skill Points: 6

Perks
Free Perk Slots: 0
Gaia's Blessing: Mana Pool and Mana Skill access
Gaia's Attunement: Elemental Affinity access
Light Sleeper: Need only 5 hours to get fully rested
Mana Reserve: Bonus MP per level increased by 25%
XP Whore: +10% Level XP

Flaws
Selective Amnesia: We had to make room for stuff in your head
A Bit of a Troll: Sometimes you just can't help yourself
Unnatural Curiosity: Can't always resist the urge to find stuff out

Cheaty Powers
Invisible Light Source: White on White Interface Theme
Language Comprehension: Multi-lingual subtitles
Limited Remote Viewing: Free & Third Person Camera Modes
Limited Microscopic View: Free Camera Zoom In
Distracting Sound: Profanity filter
See in Darkness: Contrast, Brightness & Gamma Correction
Super Hearing: Selective volume controls
Audio Filtering: Selective channel muting
Sound Protection: Built in decibel control
Personal Jukebox: Broadcast Music library
FRAPS: Record and playback from Camera POV
Cape Detection: From Observe & Overhead Tags
Media Access: From inventory w/ Data-interface & Wi-fi signal
Temporal Stasis Effect: From inventory
Quick Change/Equip: From inventory-avatar drag-drop
Observation detection: From stealth - detecting & electonic eye interface
