Sunday, February 14th, 2010

We stared at each other for a bit. Rachel broke eye contact first bending down to rescue her cigarette.

“Um, Hi” I said as I fetched the joint off the ground.

“You bleached your hair and got beat up again?”

“Yes”

“Are you high?”

“Snoochie Boochies?”

Rachel finished her cigarette and flicked the butt away. “Pass it.” she said, holding out her hand.

I obliged her and passed the joint over. “You seem unusually calm right now, given…”

She took a long drag off the joint. “God, I’ve missed these.”

Another moment of awkward silence passed. Did she actually notice? “Um, okay. Did you see…”

“Did I see you make a bunch of your crap you hid under the bushes disappear in a flash of light? Yeah. I’ve also seen weirder shit, and I am already a bit buzzed.”

Secret Quest Failed: Don’t get outed as a Parahuman to anyone else

“What? Really?”

“Found where the Beckett’s hid some mini liquor bottles, or maybe some of the other kids did.”

“Wasn’t quite what I meant. So how bad is it in there?”

“Bad. They’re pissed. They called the cops and CPS. Mr. Beckett’s out driving around looking for you right now.” Rachel said as she passed the joint back to me.

“You’re not gonna ask me about what-“

“About what you can do? I’m not sure if I want to know. Beside, you’re bolting anyway aren’t you? You don’t hide a bunch of your stuff out here to fetch later if you planned to go back into the house.”

“Well, I’m kinda constrained, and I can’t get away to figure my stuff out…”

“Say the teenager with powers. So you are running, figures. You know it’s not just you. They’re just as constraining on the rest of us, and we have less option.”

-10 Relationship with Rachel Zamora

“I thought you didn’t want to run. But if you wanted to go with—“

“What are you stupid? No way. Where are you going to sleep? You do need sleep right? What are you going to eat?”

“The stuff doesn’t actually disappear, just goes somewhere for me to retrieve later, it makes, uh, ‘shopping’ pretty easy.” I finished off the joint and pulled two more and a lighter out of my inventory after making sure Rachel was the only one marked as viewing me. I lit them and handed her one.

“Yeah but it’s more than that though isn’t it. I knew you were weird, you learned Spanish too quick. Is the whole Amnesia thing even real?”

I sighed, “Yeah unfortunately it is fucking real. Side effect of whatever did the rest of this shit to me.”

“Guess I can’t blame you too much. You remember I said I had two cousins that were in the system?”

I nodded and let her continue.

“One was a Parahuman. I heard that it happen from the same thing that killed his family. Parahuman minors that are wards of the state get turned over to the Protectorate Wards program. He ran when he found that out.”

“What? Fuck, really?”

“You didn’t know that? That’s the way it is in Texas, not sure about other states, but probably similar arrangements.”

“What happen to him?”

“Tried to go it alone, now he’s dead.”

“I’m sorry”

“Don’t be. He was stupid and not anyone I was close to.”

“Should I ask about your other cousin?”

“Oh his parent’s were just negligent meth-heads that lost custody. He was also a fuck-up so he ran away afterwards. Now he’s just missing, but I hear he pops up from time to time. I think he’ll be 18 in a few weeks anyway and then I guess it won’t matter because CPS won’t care anymore. But I don’t give a shit about him either so save the ‘I’m sorrys’”

“I’m sorry”

“I thought I said to sa-“

“I’m sorry that I’m leaving you with one less friend around to share dealing with the Beckett’s bullshit and everything else life has thrown at you, at us. I promise I’ll stay touch though, if you don’t—“

+2 Relationship with Rachel Zamora

“Well thanks. I wasn’t going to say anything anyway. Where are you even going to go?”

“New Hampshire, as soon as I can make arrangements.”

Rachel raised an eyebrow art me. “You’re chasing after Julia? Does she know and is she okay with that? Because if she isn’t, do you realize how creepy that is going to appear?”

“That, uh...”

“Shit, she doesn’t, does she? Did she even ever contact you? If she hasn’t that could be a sign you know?”

“The thought has crossed my mind yes, but it’s… more complicated than that.”

“How can it be more complicated than that? Oh shit, she’s one too isn’t she?”

“What? No, not at all—“

“You’re not near as good a liar as you think you are, Simon. Besides the only times the breakers ever tripped in the house was when she was in the bathroom, and she doesn’t use a hair dryer. Then it all stopped when she left. Unless it was you, using some pervy powers that needed the lights out, was that it?”

“No… that’s not—“

“Why are you blushing so much?”

“I don’t have any pervy powers” I lied.

“So it was her then wasn’t it?”

“I didn’t say that either! God, I am too high to deal with this…”

“I’m just messing with you. If you’re gonna abandon me, then you deserve it. Besides, that weird power outage stuff happened a few times while you weren’t even in the house.”

I let out an exasperated sigh. “Now what?”

“We part ways? I go back to boring life and crappy grades and I get to find out if you actually contact me later, and you try not to get killed?”

“I guess, that doesn’t seem very thematic. Oh hey...” I pulled out the hollowed out Geometry book from my inventory and handed it to Rachel. “Guess I don’t need this anymore. You can use to hide your stash.”

“I don’t have a stash.”

“You do now” I said, as I pulled out a couple more joint I had made and had planned on using later.

“Um, thanks I guess.”

“Hugs?”

We embraced for a bit. “See ya round Rachel.”

“Yeah, you take care of yourself. Also, get your hand off my ass before I knee you in the groin.”

****​

Okay seriously why the hell am I still carrying this bag of clay around? After getting everything from the alley I was once again very overburdened. It was even more so than before because of the STR penalty I had due to the injuries. Why? Because I still want to make more golems even if they are raw clay and not fired. Sculpting some out of rock will probably take a much longer time.

I wish using the damn statues I had stolen from the store had worked, but no, they have to be made by my own hand. I discarded them as useless right after that bit of trying to cheat didn’t work.

I couldn’t run. So if I got seen, I’d be a bit screwed. Despite losing stamina every minute or so merely from walking, I made it to the bus stop, got to sit, meditate and rest, and made it to the MetroRail lockers to put some of this crap away. At least I could move now. I guess I did make some marginal gains while walking around all slo-mo for a while, but it was getting ridiculous.

At least did find a hidden place to get rid of the damn IV stand, that was kinda dumb. I kept the bag and stuff though. Apparently merely having a specialty in First aid was not enough to offset my low skill level, or that Doc wouldn’t have said I had done a crappy job. I need to replenish the bandages I used up and train Medicine, more, but I still needed to get as many specialties as I could before I did so. That wasn’t going to happen sitting in school, yet another reason to not go back.

Once I was finally unburdened, I decided to go to the one place no-one would probably look for me at, the Library, on the other side of town. They had wi-fi and computers there, plus if I kept getting quests from textbooks, maybe I can get some from other books too.

Two hours later:

Your Observe skill has increased by 1

You may gain the Hematology specialty for Medicine

    It’s Elementary!
    Read and then successfully answer all the questionnaires in this Chemistry textbook.

    Time Limit: June 1st, 2012
    Success: 300 XP, Science (Chemistry) skill, +1 free specialty.
    Failure: The only toxic compounds you’ll be creating will come out of your ass.

    The Rules of the Universe
    Read and then successfully answer all the questionnaires in this Physics textbook. Know them before your break them.

    Time Limit: June 1st, 2012
    Success: 300 XP, Science (Physics) skill, +1 free specialty.
    Failure: Physics will never be your Bitch

    Can we fix it? Yes, we can!
    Read and then successfully answer all the questionnaires in this Engineering textbook.

    Time Limit: June 1st, 2012
    Success: 300 XP, Engineering skill, +1 free specialty.
    Failure: No we can’t, Bob will cry.



Well, Observe is a lot easier to grind when you are not restricted to the same basic locations on most days, and of course not spending all my MP keeping Golems maintained as awake. A whole library though and I only got three skill quests from the stuff I perused. Of course I couldn’t go through the whole library in only a couple of hours. Damn place closes at 6pm on Sunday.

I did try, and miserably fail, at getting a single skill quest from the majority of the sparse occult, new age magic, and other relatedly mystic sections, both fiction and ‘non-fiction’. After that I gave up and started lookup of medicine stuff related to blood.

I had done the math to back track all the HP gains I had made because something seemed off. Once I took away gains from food, gains from normal regen, even with a couple point extra from some of the meditating I did today, and gains from what was about two and a half hours of unconscious rest, I had more HP that could be accounted for relative to what I had last night after the bleeding stopped.

Now this could be because of the treatment, but generally getting patched up has so far only helped in cutting down the expiration timers of negative injury status effects. So that only leaves the transfusion, which makes sense in a way, I lost HP from bleeding, maybe I gained HP from having some put back. I’d have to do this again on purpose to be certain, but it’s a good possible exploit, especially combined with a time stasis inventory.

Withdraw some blood, put it in my inventory, heal up, and when I need some HP later in case I got injured or such, put it back in. Of course I’d also have to actually learn how to draw and deliver blood to do that, but I have time. Apparently that is what a Phlebotomist does, but reading about blood in a book didn’t give that specialty, I got Hematology instead.

Though I did find out that as an O-, a type shared by only about 5-6% of the population, can only receive O- blood, but can donate it to anyone. That must be the whole universal donor thing. Glad I fucking learned that, and didn’t try to just use any kind. Yeah no, that thought was really dumb, I don’t think I would have actually done that even if I hadn’t learned that about my blood type.

I should probably feel bad for stealing those three books from the library, but I had no way of knowing if the quests were tied to those specific book or not. I guess I can find out by getting a second of the same ones and doing the quest on it first.

****​

Of course the stupid books made me overburdened again and I had to go back to the locker. After I put those away, I jogged about town, stole some dinner form a grocery store, and looked for a place I’d be able to sleep. I tried a few motels, but with no credit card and no ID, that proved to be impossible. Even some of what looked like seedier places refused cash. It was getting late in the evening and I was getting desperate. At least I had some slow gains in Observe, CON, Athletics and Gamer’s Body to offset my worsening mood. I actually did in fact have a credit card and ID, they just weren’t mine, and I didn’t think I’d convince anyone I looked like Xavier. Having Speech active all the time in my attempts at securing a safe place didn’t help either. A backup plan was sleeping on the Metro-Rail repeated on its longest line stretches. Would I have to go back to the Beckett’s anyway? Well, I had one more trick to try at least before I had to come up with something else.

Step 1, buy something minor food item at the self check-out line with Xavier’s credit card to make sure it worked.

Step 2, call the motel across from the star-bucks I was at using Fredrico’s phone, and bullshit them. I wonder if the Speech skill works over the phone?

“Motel 8, how can we help you?”

“Yes, I’d like to make a reservation for a family member tonight, and pay for it over the phone can I do that?”

“Certainly Sir, who is the reservation for?”

“Samuel Williamson”

“And your name sir?”

“Xavier Williamson”

“Payment method?”

“Mastercard, number is 4455 0011 1234 …”

“Okay looks like your all set, just have Samuel come in with his ID and reference your name and we’ll take care of things.”

“Oh well, he had his wallet stolen so his ID isn’t handy. That’s the entire reason I am having to help out like this over the phone. Is that going to be a problem?”

“Oh, no problem, I’ll make a note of it. Is this the best contact number to reach you at?”

“Yes it is.”

“Can I get an email for the receipt?”

“Oh, I can just have Samuel pick that up, is that alright?”

“Certainly”

“Okay, great, thanks so much. He should be there within the half-hour.”

Your Speech skill has increased by 1

Step 3: Get a place to stay for tonight.

I had watched my thievery skill progress while I pulled that bit of a con, but didn’t see it change. Maybe it only covered physical things?

****​

It’s hard to believe I pulled that off. Sure it was at best a 2 star place, but it had a bed, and even a complimentary breakfast. It took a while to bring all my crap, and I decided I needed to cut down on more crap to lighten my load.

Camp Stove Kit, I put it in the pawn this off pile. I had thought it might be useful to have once on my own, but it’s not like I am going to be traipsing around in the wood any time soon. Stick to cites and I won’t have trouble stealing food. Sleeping bag? Keep, no guarantee that I will find a bed every night even in the city. Tennis Racquet and Racquet balls, I used these to practice agility, but I can’t try that again until this stab wound heals up, so pawn it. Sculpture tools? I had plans for those, but I don’t have any rocks, or the time right now, and until I do it’s just dead weight. I put it in the maybe pile. Multi-tool, useful for lock-picking and other stuff, keep. My 2 failed fish and bird golem designs? Useless, but won’t pawn them. Maybe I’ll use them for target practice. I got three pairs of shoes; one is the steel toed work boots that is part of my costume, the other normal sneakers. I don’t really need three. Same I got three sets of clothes, but I think I’ll keep them. I haven’t been in them long enough to get them grungy, as they surely will, but I’ll just steal more new ones when I need to. Those damn quest books weight a lot but have to keep them. Shit, can’t get rid of as much as I want to, unless I ditch the weapons, which is a hell no.

Of course I could just get rid of the fucking clay, or at least use it. Also just raising my STR would help a lot. Need to figure out how best to do that without causing more injury to myself.

Just what are my short-term goals here? Heal up, max out Gamer’s body, get that 15th CON point at the minimum, get that bus ticket, and get gone.

Except for the idiotic encumbrance crap, my inventory was more awesome each time I experimented with it. I could always resize my interface windows but had not applied it to my inventory screen yet. I could pretty much resize a window as far as I could stretch with some part of my body. The center of a window always stayed anchored a certain distance away from the front of my camera view (first, third or free). Though it didn’t care how I oriented it. I could flip them backwards, upside down, lay them horizontal, whatever. So to maximize my inventory screen I’d stretch its height enough to hook my toes into the ‘bottom edge’ and stretch it even further with my hands via the ‘top edge’ until it was as tall as I could reach with hands above my head while standing on my tip toes. This was just shy of 8 feet. Flip the window 90 degrees and I’d stretch the width the same way. Despite trying I’ve never got them larger than that. Maybe I could if I grow taller.

That allowed me to get my inventory interface into a large almost 8’x8’ window. Most of which (but not all) was taken up by the grid squares. The item grid area (the part that counted) was inset to about just under a 5’x 7.5’ of that, the rest of the window being the borders, and information panels.

So after extensive testing with the Hotel room furniture, anything that can fit inside that 5’x7.5’ rectangle, can fit in my inventory. I could steal furniture, if I wanted to. Heck some small cars might even fit in that. Of course the weight would be absurd. Also it seems I cannot put something into my inventory that is in some way bolted to the floor, wall etc.

Other discoveries: I can put containers into my inventory, but cannot directly access anything inside the container without taking it out. The whole container is treated as a single item, with a weight equal to the container and the sum of whatever it is holding.

I can’t put living things directly into my inventory, or at least I can’t put a living bug in there, a dead one (once I killed it) worked fine, but I can exploit containers to get around this limitation.

Attempting to keep something half way in inventory and halfway out has been impossible so far. When I start to put something into inventory something starts pulling on it immediately and it gets sucked in there rather fast. Remove something from inventory will push, though not as quickly as when going in. Discovering that made the furniture experiments a painful lesson. Ideal removal of large things is to flip the interface screen away from me, and point it at the floor. So far, anything I remove comes out in the orientation I want it to come out in.

I’m not sure if I could put myself into the inventory (via the container trick) but I don’t think I want to find out. How the fuck would I get out?

I’m not sure if I can inventory something being held or worn by someone else either.

After experimentation, the idiotic encumbrance system seems to be no effects for up to 10% of my carry weight. ‘Light Encumbrance’, 95% movement speed, at more than 10% and up to 30% of carry weight. ‘Medium Encumbrance’, 85% speed, 30% to 60% carry weight, ‘Heavy Encumbrance’, 70% speed, 60 – 100% carry weight and cannot sprint. ‘Very Heavy’, 50% speed, 100-150% carry weight, cannot sprint or run, and slow loss of stamina when I walk. ‘Severe Encumbrance’, 25% speed, 150-250% carry weight, walk only, significant stamina loss when walking. Above 250% carry weight I cannot move.

Yet, the stamina loss is only when I ‘move’ which is apparently defined more as ‘taking a step’. I could stand still (while feeling incredibly overburdened) and not loss stamina. Actually not entirely true because I can’t stand with that much weight on me for that long, and trying to maneuver my body with that much on me does make me burn stamina, but also… trains my STR.

And since it burns stamina also it trains CON even if the gains are very crappy compared to taking HP damage.

So that’s what I’ll do all evening and tonight. Overweigh my inventory, train STR (focusing on legs to not fuck up my wounds) and burn stamina to zero. Set alarm so I sleep long enough for stamina to fill up without overflow, wake up, and repeat. Oh and while I do that I’ll let my golems destroy the two useless ones.

Monday, February 15th, 2010

+165 XP, What kind of Bum are you? 1st night achieved

Well, training like that was kind of weird. It only took 20 minutes of sleep to max out my stamina, which I could burn off in a couple of hours. Which was actually me staying awake longer than that amount fatigue I gained back from those 20 minutes, creating a funky alternating minor sleep penalty deficit. It worked though, and I should do it again, but I have to check out at 10 am. As long as I keep my fatigue points at 40% or below I can keep doing it. I also needed at least a couple solid hours to get some HP back and get rid of the fatigue penalty, so I can do everything else today, even if that is a lot more wasted Stamina points.

I put my surviving golems into a complex patrol pattern around the room to skill grind while I got in a couple hours rest before I’d have to leave. Somehow I lost the golem that had only a few HP left to the destruction of the useless bat and fish golems. How does that even happen? I’m down to five small ones and Moon-moon now.

I checked out and sold the useless crap at a pawn shop. Xavier’s card got declined, when I tried to make another self-checkout test purchase, so there goes that resource. Then I headed back to the Metro Rail lockers. Doing my alternate Jog, sit and rest up routine. I figured I could also try and get that Econ textbook quest finished on the train.

Except, God fucking damn it! That Econ book is still at the Beckett’s house. Shit. If the quest is tied to that book, I’ll lose out on 330 XP if I don’t go and get it. I looked through FRAPS to see if I ever video capture it to recall the exact title and author, but couldn’t find anything. I tried looking it up as well, but still found nothing. Do I want to go back there? I’d rather not. But well now is the best time. Everyone is at school, Mr. Beckett is at work, and Mrs. Beckett usually runs her errands.

****​

Okay, if anyone is home I abort. I stealth my way up from the alley and used Observe on the house, zero occupants. Then I free camera scouted as much as I could. Okay, hopefully they didn’t change the code, or the locks, I knew where they kept a key hidden outside. Crank my volumes up to hear anything.

I slipped inside, and held my breath, but the code work. I went upstairs and grabbed my book. Fuck you Thomas; I saw and took his Trig book, and some of my clothes, and some of my toiletries. Hell I can grab some lunch from the fridge too to eat later. Fuck them; fuck them for all their shit. My MP3 player is still in that safe too. Meh, that might give away too much. They might not even notice the books, a few clothes and my toothbrush and deodorant missing. Food, well house is filled with teenagers. I stared at the door to their pseudo-apartment though.

I picked the lock.

There was a bit of cash on the desk. They had some jewelry in boxes, personal items. Electronics and so on. I could strip this place. It was tempting. Do I want to be that kind of person?

Well I seemed geared up for being a thief. A rogue in a rogue-like that is the game of life. But really as much as I hated their restrictions, they never abused me. I had food and a place to sleep and recovery from the trauma of what I went through. It also isn’t fair to the rest of the kids, certainly not to Rachel. I need boundaries. A code to follow, and lines I won’t cross. Shoplifting the big box stores is one thing. I felt bad about stealing from the mom and pop art shop and even taking the books from the library. The Beckett’s couldn’t afford me cleaning them out, even though the big TV probably could fit in my inventory.

However there is no sense in leaving behind unclaimed XP. Now that I had access to their computer, I hacked it to give myself permissions.

+55 XP, Quest Access Granted Completed!

Good, not that I will ever need it at all. I undid the hack I just made, left and relocked the Beckett’s room.

    New Title Tier Available!
    Gentleman Thief

    You’ve discovered you have a conscience and a code, yet you’re about to burgle your first house. All you need to do is leave behind a calling card (and not get caught) to gain the title.



Really, this now? My power is such a god-damn troll. Fine, but I didn’t exactly bring a suitable calling card with me. Hmm fuck it, lots of ways to interpret that.

I picked my way into the office and got my MP3 player out of the safe. Dropped it into my inventory uploaded a song to it from my interface song library and took it back out. I went into the Girls room and left it on Rachel’s bed. At least she will get it.

Back downstairs, I grabbed some lunch from the fridge, reset the alarms and walked out the back once more.

You may gain the ‘Burglary’ specialty for Thievery
Your Stealth skill has increased by 1
New Title Tier obtained: Gentleman Thief
You have learned a new thing about yourself: You have a conscience and a moral code (well more of a guideline really)



Secret Quest Failed: Don’t get outed as a Parahuman to anyone else
-10 Relationship with Rachel Zamora
+2 Relationship with Rachel Zamora
Your Observe skill has increased by 1
You may gain the Hematology specialty for Medicine
Your Speech skill has increased by 1
+165 XP, What kind of Bum are you? 1st night achieved
+55 XP Quest Access Granted Completed!
You may gain the ‘Burglary’ specialty for Thievery
Your Stealth skill has increased by 1
New Title Tier obtained: Gentleman Thief
You have learned a new thing about yourself: You have a conscience and a moral code (well more of a guideline really)

Name: Simon Clarence Anderson
Gender: Male
Age: 15
Race: Human (Parahuman)
Class: Teenage Runaway / Thief
Faction: None
Money: $402.00
Title: Gentleman Thief
Level: 10 (79.23%)
XP: 9589

Primary Attributes
STR: 9 (-1.25) 7.75 (88.82%)
AGI: 7 (-1.00) 6.00 (55.74%)
CON: 14 (-1.60) 12.40 (84.92%)
INT: 22 (0.00) 22.00 (13.05%)
PER: 11 (0.00) 11.00 (52.38%)
WIS: 21 (0.00) 21.00 (14.94%)
CHA: 12 (0.00) 12.00 (88.49%)
LUC: 10 (0.00) 10.00 (58.34%)
Unspent Points: 26

Secondary Attributes
Health Pool: 169/347
Stamina Pool: 57/298
Mana Pool: 166/2750
Stress Pool: 430/430

Attack: 7.88
Speed: 2.70
Dodge: 10.55
Armor: 0.20
Carry: 77.50
Allure: 2.35

Status Effects
Teenage Acne: ALU -0.5
Bruises & Lacerations: STR -0.25 CON -0.6 ALU -0.15
Stab Wound (R-Upper Back): STR -1 AGI -1 CON -1


Skills
Max Slots: 42
Free Skill Slots: 6
Artistry: 10 (71.23%)
Athletics: 11 (28.07%)
Basic Academics: 9 (10.43%)
Computers: 10 (0.00%)
Crafting (Stone & Pottery): 10 (0.00%)
Create Mana Golem: 10 (17.61%)
Disease Resistance: 6 (52.60%)
Disguise: 1 (0.00%)
Drug & Poison Resistance: 10 (24.65%)
Empathy: 10 (3.87%)
Firearms: 1 (0.00%)
Gamer’s Body: 21 (54.05%)
Gamer’s Interface: MAX (0.00%)
Gamer’s Mind: MAX (0.00%)
Language-English: MAX (0.00%)
Language-Spanish: MAX (0.00%)
Lockpicking: 10 (10.54%)
Mathematics: 3 (42.87%)
Medicine: 2 (0.00%)
Meditation: 11 (53.57%)
Melee Weapons: 1 (0.00%)
Null Resistance: 3 (13.69%)
Observe: 13 (67.28%)
Parahuman Lore: 6 (76.56%)
Power Strike: 1 (0.00%)
Programming: 10 (0.54%)
Psychology: 5 (0.00%)
Science (Biology): 1 (53.22%)
Science (Earth): 1 (0.00%)
Speech: 9 (0.00%)
Stealth: 11 (3.54%)
Strategy: 3 (35.30%)
Thievery: 6 (0.00%)
Unarmed Combat: 1 (0.00%)
Vehicle Operations: 3 (0.00%)
Video Games: 26 (5.87%)
Unspent Skill Points: 6

Perks
Free Perk Slots: 0
Gaia's Blessing: Mana Pool and Mana Skill access
Gaia's Attunement: Elemental Affinity access
Light Sleeper: Need only 5 hours to get fully rested
Mana Reserve: Bonus MP per level increased by 25%
XP Whore: +10% Level XP

Flaws
Selective Amnesia: We had to make room for stuff in your head
A Bit of a Troll: Sometimes you just can't help yourself
Unnatural Curiosity: Can't always resist the urge to find stuff out

Cheaty Powers
Invisible Light Source: White on White Interface Theme
Language Comprehension: Multi-lingual subtitles
Limited Remote Viewing: Free & Third Person Camera Modes
Limited Microscopic View: Free Camera Zoom In
Distracting Sound: Profanity filter
See in Darkness: Contrast, Brightness & Gamma Correction
Super Hearing: Selective volume controls
Audio Filtering: Selective channel muting
Sound Protection: Built in decibel control
Personal Jukebox: Broadcast Music library
FRAPS: Record and playback from Camera POV
Cape Detection: From Observe & Overhead Tags
Media Access: From inventory w/ Data-interface & Wi-fi signal
Temporal Stasis Effect: From inventory
Quick Change/Equip: From inventory-avatar drag-drop
Observation detection: From stealth - detecting & electonic eye interface
