Monday, February 15th, 2010

Your Mathematics skill has increased by 1

Now that I had that skill evened out again, I stopped my number crunching, and finishing my weird dark chocolate, coffee, acai berry juice combo, that I had experimented with because of what Observe had told me. I’m starting to re-think accepting that Craft (Cooking & Brewing) skill. Apart from adding the juice, I didn’t make it, the barista did. She also had the nerve of asking me why I wasn’t in school after I annoyed her with my recipe instructions.

So long as my fatigue points were at 40 or less, I could take a ‘nap’ whenever I wanted. What I really needed was to sleep during the day in some place where it would not be out of place to see some young person snoozing. If I needed to I could just stay awake during the night. I needed to repeat the 20 minute nap plus near two hour workout as often as I could. Library study rooms for a couple hours? Napping in sauna/steam room at a gym?

What did the quest consider as qualifying as ‘safe’ or even ‘night’ anyway? For that matter, what met the ‘place’ qualifier? Hell, a park bench is a place, and between sunset and sunrise is ‘night’, or at least it is to me. Also is there some minimum time for ‘sleep’ to be met or will those short naps count? Maybe I should look up the times for sunset and sunrise just in case.

I pulled my stolen lunch out of my backpack and called around. The University looked like it might suit my needs. It had libraries, gyms, young people, and no one would think a student snoozing in a study room with an open book under them would be unusual.

Until then I had some grinding to do. Right after I replace my backpack with something that also has roller wheels, and a collapsible handle. Hopefully it shouldn’t count against my encumbrance then. I’m tired of spending money on lockers.

****​


-3 HP
Your Power Strike has increased by 1
You may gain the Clubs specialty for Melee Weapons

I was trying not to injure myself. 50 powers strikes and several minutes later I was out of stamina, and the fallen log I was beating on was... not quite as damaged as I thought it would become. At least I got some progress. I had picked a secluded spot amongst a copse of trees in an abandoned lot away from residential and commercial areas. Now here’s hoping napping propped up against a tree will work out okay.

You have slept for 20 minutes on the very uncomfortable ground, no regen bonus received

My alarm when off and I checked my stats and notifications. Crap, there goes that idea and my numbers. The regen rate was better than being awake sure, but far more inefficient than when I slept in a bed. Was comfort the important factor here or did it have to be a ‘bed’? I’ll try again with the sleeping bag.

You have slept for 20 minutes in a sleeping bag on the very uncomfortable ground, no regen bonus received.

Shit. Only a little bit better. Neither changed the rate of fatigue point regen though, not even compared to using a bed. Maybe I should steal a pillow? Replace the sleeping bag with one with a larger comfort bonus? Make sure all my clothes have as much comfort bonus as I can detect on Observe?

Well this won’t work right now. If I can’t quick regen with my full sleep bonus I shouldn’t quick deplete my stamina with power strike practice either. I’ll have to save that for when I have another hotel room or something. Should have done this last night damn it.

****​

I meditated on ride over to the University and again once there to replenish my stamina before I stealthed into their recreation center. I hadn’t recovered enough stamina for a long session, but it would have to do. I’d had to do it the slower way before heading to the library study room I reserved, to try and get better rest. With Good pacing active maybe I can stretch out a session.

For exercising your strength to the point of extreme strain you have gained 1 STR

I was so close to also gaining CON but couldn’t. Had to go to my reserve study room and pretend nap in it for a couple hours.

You have slept for 2 hours in a chair, partial regen bonus received.
+165 XP, What kind of Bum are you? 2nd night achieved

So sleeping some after sunset even if I stay up all night, like I plan to work, at least for the quest. It’s definitely not ideal. Once I burn my stamina back down to zero with jogging or such, I won’t be tired enough to rest again either for a while, so will be back to doing studying or such to wait for normal regen. Time for dinner, an evening jog, and grinding Observe.

****​

Tuesday, February 16th, 2010

Well that still wasn’t enough to get that CON point, but almost. Thank god for 24-hour IHOP that I can study my Economics book quest and spam Observe in while my stamina regens past midnight. Now, if only the waitress would stop asking me why I was out so late on a school night.

Your Observe skill has increased by 1

Despite practicing jogging with stealth on, which was getting very little gains of any worth, I was close to two hours into my second jog when some campus police officer starts waving me over with a flash light.

There was a squad car with another cop in it on in the parking lot by the jogging trail, headlights on but top lights were not. The one waving my over was on a bike. I doubt the car would try to get on the trail, but the bike, well what the hell. Also why did this have to happen when I had depleted most of my stamina?

“Yes? Do you need something?” I asked the officer, without really moving toward him, still jogging in place.

He shined his flashlight at me, and I raised my hand to ward off the brightness. It was less of an issue, since I already had my own invisible flashlight window up that I had been using on the path. “What are you doing out here?” He asked.

I activated my speech skill. “Uh, I’m jogging. It’s a jogging trail.”

“At 3am at night? Plus it’s 50 something degrees out.”

“Well I have a coat, and I didn’t think the jogging trail had closing hours. I’d use the rec center but it’s not open 24 hours.”

“Are you a student here?”

“I’m a freshman.” in high school “Could you lower the flashlight a bit, it’s a bit bright and uncomfortable, and it makes it hard to see who I am talking to.” I whispered a couple of observes at the two pigs.

The cop only partially conceded to my request. “Do you have ID on you?”

“No, I don’t carry that around when I am exercising.”

“Why are you doing this at 3am?”

“I work at nights, but it’s my day off. Ya’ll must know how shift work is, I could do so during the day instead of sleep, but that would throw my whole week off.” I kept jogging in place as I spoke, and saw a subtle head nod in agreement to my statement. “Hey, I appreciate you keeping an eye on things and keeping the area safe. You probably think it’s a thankless job, but thanks anyway.” Because so said your Observe info. “But I’d really like to get back to this, so if I am free to go?”

“There’s a 24 hour fitness about a mile from here at Dunstan and Kelvin drive. Consider that next time.”

“Oh really? I didn’t know, thanks, I’ve definitely check that out.”

Apparently satisfied, the Rice Paddy rolled his bike back toward the squad car, and I went on my way.

I considered what it took for them to be there waiting for me in that spot. They had to have seen me running or someone had, and set up around that corner to investigate. Bike out to use it in case kept running down the trail? Whatever, fucking assholes. Hispanic looking dude jogging on jogging trail; must investigate.

For testing the limits of your endurance and vitality, you have gained 1 CON

Well at least I finally got that done. Now I should be free to spend points on CON without screwing up my Bod quest. On the one hand I wanted to do exactly that, on the other I wanted to train the stats up until I was too difficult, which I’d say it might be already, at least by using stamina to do. If I actually lost HP though, the gain rate was so much faster. As far as I can tell and guess though, Gamer’s Body did something to mitigate my wounds, maybe even helped heal the nicked artery. I presume something major will get awarded when I reach level 25 and max it out. I’m tempted to spend points on it now, but I’m close to level 11, and close to leveling it on its own. To really min max training that off though, I need to use another hotel room.

Right now though I had to go fetch roller backpack filled with my bag of clay. Turned out I couldn’t leave lockers entirely behind yet. Now that I have 10 base STR, I should have a 100 carry once this wound heals, which will help a lot.

****​

I shouldn’t have given up that MP3 player so readily Oh well, steal another one. I was lacking for things to train as I walked across the city to my destination other than stealth whose almost non-existant gains proved there need to be some sort of greater risk involved for it to skill up faster. Makes me wonder what was occurring when I did get those bouts of minute progress.

I couldn’t jog because my stamina was too low, and I had to actually pay attention to where I was going and my surroundings. I didn’t use Observe because I needed to save the MP for later. I just kept my eyes and ears open as intently as I could, only stopping a wally-word briefly to swipe some breakfast.


Now that I was here, For the second time in my life I was hiding in a dumpster. I’m gonna toss these clothes and steal new ones to replace them when I am done with this. All I could do this whole time was play the games I had downloaded onto my interface. I did risk a 30 minute nap, yeah that sucked but it let me gain back a few points of my dwindling fatigue.

I had to hide here quietly because it was the only place close enough that let my free camera full access to the CPS office, and there was a rent-a-cop patrolling about. I just hope it isn’t fucking trash day. Having my senses away from me left me pretty vulnerable too, but at least I had Moon-moon out and set to guard.

Stat Bonus Cheat: For playing related video games you have gained 1 WIS

Wow, I had forgotten about that. I had been playing the ones I transferred from my phone to my interface in an attempt to gain more Strategy skill, which has thus far failed to budge. I need to get back to an arcade and finish exploiting the hell out of that. Or steal a damn console and stuff if I had the carry capacity.

I glanced at my watch again. It was a bit after 6:30 in the morning. I had already been hidden in the cramped spot for an hour and a half since I had no idea when the first person would arrive to unlock the place. My free camera was firmly planted in view of the door and the alarm panel.

Finally some woman approached the door at 7am and I turned FRAPS on, recording as she opened the door then keyed in the alarm code. Gotcha. I did another sweep of the office with my camera, though I had already verified Julia’s gun was still in the safe earlier, and nothing else unusual was going on. Then I used it to make sure the rent-a-cop was nowhere nearby when I climbed out of the dumpster.

Fuck that was nasty. I ran off to a secluded spot to make sure I wasn’t being observed or recorded and inventory swapped on some clean clothes. I washed up as best as I could in a fast-food restaurant bathroom, but I needed a shower. I should try getting another trial day pass at some gym.

I returned to Wal-Mart and swiped some replacement clothes and even one of those inflatable travel pillows because it had a comfort bonus. I’d need to rest somewhere soon, the fatigue points were getting really low. Wasn’t going to do it in a field again that was for sure, but I did need burn off my stamina again beforehand.

You may gain the Hammers specialty for Melee Weapons

I burned off my stamina with more Power Strike practice, smashing my sculpture hammer into another log in another random field, and then swapped to using my knife until some city worker chased me off. Then I snuck onto the Metrorail and slept through a few loops.

****​

A train worker woke me up and kicked me off at a city terminal. At least I had gotten enough to refill my stamina and a bit of fatigue, which was still under 40%, which was good because it means I could rest again later without restriction.

When I walked out a saw a large crowd of people standing around, nearly all of them had ‘Day laborer’ as part of their class in their overhead tags. That could be a quick way to try getting cash, which is not so easy to steal like other supplies.

I spammed the hell out of Observe as I mingled among the crowd, and struck up a few simple Speech empowered conversations, in Spanish for the majority. According to Observe, most, but not all, were Hispanic, several were illegal aliens or refugees, and some were not, just various men late teens to those in their fifties trying to make a buck.

“… So this is your first time looking for work here?” one of them men asked me in Spanish as we all stood around.

“Yes, haven’t got many choices for income…”

“You look so young, shouldn’t you be in school?”

“Can’t afford to be in school when I could be working.”

“Aye, aye, I understand, family got here recently?” said the man that Observe had said wasn’t a citizen.

I shrugged as a non-committal gesture, while checking an unexpected notification.

For taking chances at raw risk vs. reward, you have gained 1 LUC

Okay, that was really odd. Where the hell did that come from?

“You’ll have to be careful. Sometimes the ICE agents pretend to be contractors. Some will just have you do work and then not pay you. Some will pay you but not bring you back so make sure you have change for bus fare. Others, well, they don’t want us here at all. They’ll pretend also, drive you out a ways, then beat you, rob you and leave you on the side of the road somewhere. You’re blonde and lighter skinned though, so that may be less of a problem for you.”

“Not light enough to not get harassed by a cop the other night; the blonde just helps me blend in better, but thank you for those warning. Do you have any other tips?”

A very sobering conversation followed among my new found acquaintances according to my relationship sheets, about life as an immigrant day laborer or just a poor one. It didn’t actually take long for a truck to pull up and start fetching people; I seemed to be initially ignored due to my scrawny size until I said I could speak English and translate. Vibes hadn’t warned me off, but that feature or power or whatever had always been hard to describe.

It was hard and sweaty, and only paid $9 an hour. All of us helped dig out ground for some yuppie couple to have a new giant circular driveway poured for their McMansion. I should probably try using concrete molds to make golems now that I’ve thought about it. Easy to get materials, easy to mass produce, and no kiln needed; just wait for them to dry.

The work was in the Wealthy enclave part of town, behind gates and walls and everything. Some private neighborhood Rent-A-Cops were watching us as we worked. It stunk of hypocrisy; Walls to keep out the criminals, Parahuman gangs, and undesirables, unless they needed cheap labor for menial tasks, then get out. I almost felt like telling Mr. Devarow his trophy wife was fucking someone on the side according to Observe, but why step into that mess? Observe starting to get disturbingly TMI.

I quickly realized I had to use Good Pacing for this particular bit of ‘training’ and I at least got to replenish my stamina and some of my fatigue when we were allowed a 30 minute siesta under some shade. I’m glad they fed us lunch because I wasn’t going to pull stuff out of thin air from my inventory.

Three more hours of work later, they drove us back and I was $72 dollars richer and I didn’t even have to steal it. I had not in fact had enough recovered stamina to handle those three hours, so this resulted in more break, minor HP loss and negative status effects. If my calcs are right it could be that 25 or so stamina is worth about 1 HP point in terms of how they progress Gamer’s Body and CON training. At least that’s what it is now, who knows what it will be later.

Sometimes I don’t get it. Average Stamina values I have seen are only a little better than mine, 320 or so compared to my current 312. Yet mine seem to deplete at a much faster rate, of course they also regenerate at a much faster rate too, so maybe I shouldn’t complain.

“…Damn I need to find a place to shower” I said a bit out loud, and sleep I thought.

“You don’t have a place?” Miguel asked, one how I had talked to the most during the job.

“No ID no credit card. You know a motel that takes cash?”

“Aye, aye. I know a place my family used before. They help people like us, but you have to have a cash deposit, plus whatever the room would cost now. It was a year ago that we stayed there…”

Oh thank god, I just hope the cash deposit isn’t outrageous.

****​

It had taken almost an hour to get to this tiny motel in the Hispanic part of the city. It was another low-end place but I couldn’t be choosy. It had stucco walls and a ranch style architecture. Soft Latin music was playing in the lobby.

“Does Juan Garcia still work here?” I asked a Hispanic lady in Spanish at the front desk, according to Miguel’s not so subtle hint.

“Yes but he is not here tonight”

“Oh. Do you still take cash for rooms?”

“Yes, $200 dollar deposit, do you have ID?”

Shit. I was getting a good vibe off her though so I just came out with. “No I don’t have legal ID.”

“That’s why you asked for Juan, yes?”

I didn’t respond.

“It’s okay I know Juan, you have the money though?” I nodded yes. “Wait in the lobby please. I will be right with you.”

<Eva Diaz-Olmos, Hotel Clerk, Lvl 7> waited on some other customers and sent them on their way before fetching me again.

“It is $40 per night. How many nights?”

“One for now, maybe more if that is possible.” I pulled $240 out of my pocket and out of my inventory in a well-practiced move.

“Room 115. You will get your deposit back when you the return the key and if the room is in good order. Checkout is 11 am. Maid service will not be available, so clean up after yourself.”

“Thank you.” I noticed she did not give me a receipt and put my money in a different section than the regular register.

“If you need short work or food I can ask if the restaurant needs any dishwashers.”

“I’ll keep that in mind, thank you again.”

“De nada”

****​

I got into my room and took a well needed shower. Then set my alarm and finally took a short nap in the bed. I pulled out Moon-Moon and gave him a complex set of looping orders to grind Mana Golem also. It was time to abuse the hell out of the rest recovery rates.

One 13 minute nap, later I spammed Power Strike as fast as I could with my knife into my block of clay. I’m probably dulling the blade to crap , but I don’t care.

You may gain the Knives specialty for Melee Weapons

I didn’t have any more unique melee weapons so I found a sports channel showing a boxing match and switched to punching it a couple times, before taking a 21 minute power nap again.

Your Power Strike has increased by 1
Your Unarmed Combat has increased by 1

Wait a second. No specialty gain? Not even while watching what’s his name beat up what’s his name on TV? God damn it. I didn’t want to push unarmed or even melee weapons up too far past level 1 because I still wanted to exploit specialties for them while they were at low level, but I need the rapid stamina loss from Power Strike to power train Gamer’s Body and CON, while I had a bed available. I guess I’ll have to alternate.

Your Melee Weapons has increased by 1

I swapped back to unarmed

Your Gamer’s Body skill has increased by 1

Finally! Ohh, my injury debuffs and their timers both decreased. Sleep, spam Power Strike, sleep, spam power strike, over and over until I had topped over 40% and couldn’t nap anymore until it fell below it.

+165 XP, Quest Completed: What kind of Bum are you?

I think, not so coincidentally, that happened right after the 40% mark. Question now is can I do this again? I looked at my watch it was 8:30. A few hours of study, to deplete fatigue back down, but I’ll have to head out to not miss the train.

****​

I Ground Power strike to burn off my stamina again, and left everything except my golems, my bat, and my costume in the room to lighten my load, even my shoes, opting to wear my costume boots instead. I got the last train ride out and managed another nap on it before departing at the stop nearest the CPS office. I won’t be able to take another one back until they open again early in the morning.

Wednesday, February 17th, 2010

It was just after midnight, but I wanted to wait a while longer before heading to the strip mall slash office building thing. I sat in Jake’s 24 hour restaurant, reviewing my FRAPS recordings of the layout of the place and the security code I had captured when hiding in that dumpster. No dumpster hiding this time.

Plan A: Wait for the rent-a-cop to pass by pick the lock on the door, put in the code, get inside, hack the computer, pick the safe get the gun, get out.

Plan B: if I can’t pick the door or the security code doesn’t work, smash the window, get inside, unhook computer shove it in inventory see if I can get into safe room, put whole safe in inventory, distract rent-a-cop with golems, get out.

I really don’t like plan B, or plan C, which is to abort the whole thing. Well it’s Showtime.

I went out of the restaurant, turned on stealth and walked across the street to the commercial block that had the CPS office. I ducked behind a partition fence, made a waypoint for my golems, made sure stealth said no one was looking at me or recording me and inventory swapped my costume on. I took a bird’s eye view of my free camera and watched the rent-a-cop, timing his patrol. As soon as he passed the point, I swapped modes, ran out toward the buildings door, lock-picks in hand and got to work.

Standard single deadbolt I had lookup online from FRAPS data. It was taking longer than I had hoped, but I heard the pins slide into place with my SFX volume turned way up just before I was prepared to pull out the bat.

With a satisfying click, the dead bolt turned and I slipped inside the door. The low buzz of the alarm sounded but it was only the 30 second warning. I punched in the code and it stopped. I twisted the deadbolt shut and my watch alarm beeped once. Fuck security patrol. I climbed behind a cubicle, hid, and turned free camera back on just as I watch the rent-a-cop pass by the front windows.

Shit he lingered there for a moment. Why? He shined the flashlight in the windows. Leave you asshole. I turned broadcast on again and moved my camera out. I had replaced my censor beep with something more useful, and whispered a swear word.

The brief sound of two alley cats fighting came out of my camera position in the dark next to some trees. Rent –a-cop shined his light that way and walked away from the front of the building.

Good time for step two. I pulled Moon-moon out of my inventory and told him to guard the door, then found Mrs. Pearsons computer and booted it up. Crappy old windows version this would take a while, so I flipping the monitor switch off so they light from the screen wasn’t glowing. I used free camera to verify the gun was still in the safe, it was.

My watch beeped again, and I waited as the rent-a-cop walked on by. Once he was out of sight I turned the monitor back on and dimmed down the brightness. Hopefully Mrs. Pearson’s login was still the same; otherwise I pull the hard drive. Although if the data is on a network that may not be helpful.

Fortunately it was still the same. It took a while, and a three watch beeps of the security patrol, but I get into the records and found Julia’s address in New Hampshire, even her grandmother’s name and contact number. I turned on fraps and screen capped the info.

Josephine Mercier
1424 Elm Street.
Brockton Bay, NH

Objective one is complete. I restored the monitor setting and shut the computer down.

Configuring Windows Updates. 7% Complete. Do not turn off your computer.

Huh? Oh hell no. I forcibly turned the computer off as my Watched beeped again. I waited for the security guard to pass once again and turned the computer back on. I did want things restored to how they were as much as possible. I moved on to the office storage door where they kept the wheeled cabinet safe and knelt down and began picking the lock.

With another satisfying click, I opened the door and slipped inside. I pulled some hard drives out of the slip in racks for the server they had in here as well as the DVDs that were in the block of DVD-RWs. I was pretty sure that those were tied to the cameras. I prepared my inventory screen just in case, then I sat down on the floor, and put my ear to the safe, volume was still at maximum and tried my hand at cracking the thing.

It was taking entirely too long. I think I had the first number in but wasn’t sure. I had already restarted six times. Then I heard a rattle and a massive thud.

Shit I rolled the safe into my inventory. Oh god this was too heavy, fuck. I managed to step out the storage room door while several thump bangs happened followed by the sound of glass shattering. I turned the corner in time to see Moon-moon running out the shattered bottom panel of the front door.

GOD DAMN IT MOON-MOON!

The security guard must have touched or rattled the door. I’m never naming another golem that again. I cringed as I watched my stamina drop as I walked with undesired slowness toward the backdoor. Toward the front in the parking lot I heard a gunshot. A few more steps and a few seconds later I heard another. “Moon-Moon stop.” A third gunshot as I reached the pushed open the back emergency door. “Moon-moon go to point A”

I saw some notifications and I glanced at them quickly.

Your Thievery skill has increased by 1
Moon-moon destroyed
Invalid target cannot go to point A

Shit. I need to shed weight. I pulled my other golems out and sent them off in a scramble pattern. I was still overburdened, several more steps away, more stamina lost, but I made it as far as the adjacent store’s dumpster and tossed the drives and DVDs. Fuck me still not enough, in went my trench coat as well.

It was a 75 lb. cabinet safe, according to Observe. I could have handled that, but I forgot to add the weight of the fucking contents. I crawled up a short embankment into the backside parking lot of the adjacent small office complex then had to stop because my stamina was at zero. A check of my stealth and I saw no one was looking at me and I swapped off my costume, except for the gloves scarf and hat. I dropped my motocross torso piece. I was only a couple tenths of a pound over now, I tossed my cup and strap and was just under my carry weight now. I heard some more gunshots and another notification fired. I had lost another golem, and I could hear sirens approaching.

The golems were a lost cause. I couldn’t risk sending them to me and leading anyone to my location. I Order them to attack each other, and watched as a couple more notifications indicated more were destroyed. I set the last one to attacking itself, while I recovered enough stamina to walk normally again. I still couldn’t sprint though. Well the PRT will get called, because of the Golems. I’m sure that will be something interesting for their labs to analyze. I kept my eyes to the skies and the ground, and myself in the shadows. Yep there is a flyer. “Observe,” yep, that’s Exalt.

    Name: Robert Graves
    Level: ??
    Alias: Exalt
    Gender: Male
    Age: 32
    Ethnicity: Caucasian
    Race: Human (Parahuman)
    Class: Protectorate Officer / Hero
    Faction: Protectorate, PRT

    STR: 16 (+0) 16
    AGI: 18 (??) ??
    CON: 16 (??) ??
    INT: ?? (??) ??
    PER: ?? (??) ??
    WIS: ?? (??) ??
    CHA: 16 (??) ??
    LUC: ?? (??) ??

    Allure: 5.0
    Armor: 6.0
    Speed: ?? (??) ??
    Attack: ??
    Dodge: ??

    Health: 320/320
    Stamina: 400/400
    Stress: ??
    H/T/F: ...

    Summary Description: Robert, known as Exalt in his Hero Identity is the second in command of the Houston Protectorate...

    Status Effects:
    Mental: Conflict Seeking, ...
    Physical: Chilled, ...

    Currently Feeling: Diligent, Annoyed

    Motivations:
    Investigate Parahuman report, ...

    Equipment list:
    Light Ballistic and Ablative resistant armored costume...



I played cat and mouse with the police combing the area and the heroes, though I only managed to get an Observe onto Exalt, I did hear someone mention Olympus was about as well. I made it to an IHOP down the street, and sat down.

+77 XP for evading the heroes, security and the cops

Well I guess that means it is safe to order some breakfast.

****​

I chilled at IHOP for an hour grinding Observe before I headed to the MetroRail station, which opened at 4:30 in the morning. I headed back to my Hotel room around 5am and pulled the damn safe out of my inventory. I’d also have to replace the stuff I had to ditch later as well. I had no idea how long it would take me to open the thing, but I’d try after I have had at least a short bit of sleep.

Your Mathematics skill has increased by 1
Your Power Strike has increased by 1
You may gain the Clubs specialty for Melee Weapons
For exercising your strength to the point of extreme strain you have gained 1 STR
+165 XP, How much of a Bum are you? 2nd night achieved
Your Observe skill has increased by 1
For testing the limits of your endurance and vitality, you have gained 1 CON
Stat Bonus Cheat: For playing related video games you have gained 1 WIS
You may gain the Hammers specialty for Melee Weapons
Your Power Strike has increased by 1
You may gain the Knives specialty for Melee Weapons
Your Power Strike has increased by 1
Your Unarmed Combat has increased by 1
Your Melee Weapons has increased by 1
Your Gamer’s Body skill has increased by 1
+165 XP, Quest Completed: How much of a Bum are you?
Your Thievery skill has increased by 1
Moon-moon destroyed
+77 XP for evading the heroes, security and the cops

Name: Simon Clarence Anderson
Gender: Male
Age: 15
Race: Human (Parahuman)
Class: Teenage Runaway / Thief
Faction: None
Money: $429.13
Title: Gentleman Thief
Level: 10 (99.80%)
XP: 9996

Primary Attributes
STR: 10 (-0.90) 9.10 (38.08%)
AGI: 7 (-0.75) 6.25 (55.74%)
CON: 15 (-1.05) 13.95 (49.14%)
INT: 22 (0.00) 22.00 (26.03%)
PER: 11 (0.00) 11.00 (58.30%)
WIS: 22 (0.00) 22.00 (1.19%)
CHA: 12 (0.00) 12.00 (88.49%)
LUC: 11 (0.00) 11.00 (0.00%)
Unspent Points: 26

Secondary Attributes
Health Pool: 317/382
Stamina Pool: 236/316
Mana Pool: 159/2750
Stress Pool: 440/440

Attack: 8.78
Speed: 2.71
Dodge: 10.79
Armor: 0.20
Carry: 91.00
Allure: 2.40

Status Effects
Teenage Acne: ALU -0.5
Bruises & Lacerations: STR -0.15 CON -0.3 ALU -0.1
Stab Wound (R-Upper Back): STR -0.75 AGI -0.75 CON -0.75


Skills
Max Slots: 42
Free Skill Slots: 6
Artistry: 10 (71.23%)
Athletics: 11 (50.87%)
Basic Academics: 9 (40.87%)
Computers: 10 (0.00%)
Crafting (Stone & Pottery): 10 (0.00%)
Create Mana Golem: 10 (27.36%)
Disease Resistance: 6 (52.60%)
Disguise: 1 (0.00%)
Drug & Poison Resistance: 10 (51.34%)
Empathy: 10 (22.66%)
Firearms: 1 (0.00%)
Gamer’s Body: 22 (14.75%)
Gamer’s Interface: MAX (0.00%)
Gamer’s Mind: MAX (0.00%)
Language-English: MAX (0.00%)
Language-Spanish: MAX (0.00%)
Lockpicking: 10 (70.54%)
Mathematics: 4 (0.00%)
Medicine: 2 (0.00%)
Meditation: 11 (63.01%)
Melee Weapons: 2 (0.00%)
Null Resistance: 3 (13.69%)
Observe: 14 (86.36%)
Parahuman Lore: 6 (76.56%)
Power Strike: 3 (93.26%)
Programming: 10 (0.54%)
Psychology: 5 (0.00%)
Science (Biology): 1 (53.22%)
Science (Earth): 1 (0.00%)
Speech: 9 (55.76%)
Stealth: 11 (85.45%)
Strategy: 3 (35.30%)
Thievery: 7 (0.00%)
Unarmed Combat: 2 (0.00%)
Vehicle Operations: 3 (0.00%)
Video Games: 26 (13.54%)
Unspent Skill Points: 6

Perks
Free Perk Slots: 0
Gaia's Blessing: Mana Pool and Mana Skill access
Gaia's Attunement: Elemental Affinity access
Light Sleeper: Need only 5 hours to get fully rested
Mana Reserve: Bonus MP per level increased by 25%
XP Whore: +10% Level XP

Flaws
Selective Amnesia: We had to make room for stuff in your head
A Bit of a Troll: Sometimes you just can't help yourself
Unnatural Curiosity: Can't always resist the urge to find stuff out

Cheaty Powers
Invisible Light Source: White on White Interface Theme
Language Comprehension: Multi-lingual subtitles
Limited Remote Viewing: Free & Third Person Camera Modes
Limited Microscopic View: Free Camera Zoom In
Distracting Sound: Profanity filter
See in Darkness: Contrast, Brightness & Gamma Correction
Super Hearing: Selective volume controls
Audio Filtering: Selective channel muting
Sound Protection: Built in decibel control
Personal Jukebox: Broadcast Music library
FRAPS: Record and playback from Camera POV
Cape Detection: From Observe & Overhead Tags
Media Access: From inventory w/ Data-interface & Wi-fi signal
Temporal Stasis Effect: From inventory
Quick Change/Equip: From inventory-avatar drag-drop
Observation detection: From stealth - detecting & electonic eye interface
