Thursday, Feb 25th, 2010

I peek open my eyes. Where am I? Not on the bus anymore. Damn I can’t move, paralyzed somehow. Fuck. Well not entirely, I can move my eyes, tongue, and jaw, everything from the neck up. Throat is hoarse though, can barely whisper. Maybe best not to speak at all; not let anyone know I’m awake.

I’m in some kind of room, chained to the floor. Several of the other passengers also chained to the floor. Notifications are still flashing, still can’t move yet. Still can’t speak above a whisper, don’t need to, sub-vocal activation works.

Harold Williamson has been removed from your relationship sheet
Peter Johnson has been removed from your relationship sheet
Sarah Johnson has been removed from your relationship sheet

Oh fuck, that means they’re dead doesn’t it? The Bus Driver, that was that couple with the… No, don’t think about that. There’s other names, I read and dismiss them. Oh thank god the Sanchez family isn’t on there. Can’t see them in front of me, but can’t turn around. Haven’t interacted with everyone one the bus, a lot aren’t on my sheet. Maybe some are still alive? Just finish looking through notifications and stats.

Your Drug & Poison Resistance skill has increased by 1
Your Drug & Poison Resistance skill has increased by 1
Your Drug & Poison Resistance skill has increased by 1
The status effect ‘Unconscious’ has been removed

    Escape the house that Jack (sorta) built! (Sub-quest: This random encounter is too OP!)
    Get through the traps and trials of this uncreative knock-off of survival horror genre.

    Success: +2000 XP
    Failure: If not death by the hands of the others; snip, snip, chop, chop, drill baby, drill...

    This quest cannot be declined.

Sub-quests? Well fuck. My HP is back to maximum, MP is almost there, fatigue fully recovered. Blood on my clothes from the broken bus windows has done its weird voxel fade-away. I slowly lift my head. Ow, dizzy headache. How long have I been unconscious? Couple hours at least, based on what I recovered. Time? Watch is in inventory, means it’s in stasis, won’t be accurate. Phone is destroyed. Hmm, Fredrico’s phone’s still in there. Don’t have enough maneuverability to retrieve anything.

“Status Effects” I sub-vocalize.

    Paralytic Poison Effect
    Created by Bonesaw as an inhalant poison to knock people out and keep them still so her subjects can be moved about before she gets around to operating on them. It is non-lethal and temporary in nature.

    Time Remaining: 46 minutes.

Well damn it, no wait. That’s counting down a lot faster than that. Drug Resistance at work? “Skills”, Yep, steady, active increases; can only do so much till it’s gone. Bonesaw, why’s that name familiar?

I’d observed two people that came on the bus before I blacked out. The Observe windows aren’t open anymore, but FRAPS is still running. Rewinding to review might take too long. Cape Database? Yep there she is, and it captured my Observe info.

    Last Observe: 2/25/2010 7:31PM EST
    Name: Riley Gray
    Level: ??
    Alias: Bonesaw
    Gender: Female
    Age: 11
    Ethnicity: Caucasian
    Race: Human (Parahuman)
    Class: Villain / Brainwashed Kidnap Victim
    Faction: Slaughterhouse Nine

    STR: 6 (+14) 20
    AGI: 8 (+10) 18
    CON: 14 (+20) 34
    INT: ?? (??) ??
    PER: 12 (??) ??
    WIS: ?? (??) ??
    CHA: 10 (??) ??
    LUC: ?? (??) ??

    Allure: 3.0 (+1.0) 4.0
    Armor: 7.2
    Speed: 3.1 (+0.5) 3.6
    Attack: ??
    Dodge: ??

    Health: 540/540
    Stamina: 520/520
    Stress: ??
    H/T/F: ...

    Summary Description:
    Riley is an 11 year old girl. Originally from a very loving home, even at a young age she was no stranger to cape life due to her parent’s own status as capes. Everything changed in 2005 when the Slaughterhouse Nine came calling. She triggered when forced to constantly provide medical care to her parents over the course of several hours, as the Nine repeatedly, purposefully injured them. Her mother’s final words to her before she died was to ‘be a good girl’, which she has interpreted in unusual ways, and is the core reason for her continued adoption of a cutesy persona and minor appearance modifications.

    Nevertheless, her mind and views of the world, and right and wrong was thoroughly twisted by Jack Slash who kidnapped her in order to raise her to be something twisted and make horrible gruesome use of her power, a task which he has thoroughly succeeded in, to the point at which she views him as a surrogate father figure.

    ...

    She has a young appearance of about eleven years of age. She has blonde hair done up in a ringlet of curls, bright blue eyes, and a rosy cheeked porcelain face that is almost doll-like. She is the very definition of cute. She is 4’8”, and weights 87 lbs. including enhancements, ...

    Status Effects:
    Mental: Severe Stockholm syndrome, Trauma induced Sociopathy, Mild Obsessive Compulsive Disorder, Conflict-Seeking, ...
    Physical: Tinker-induced regenerative effects, Tinker enhanced strength, reflexes and durability, Cute as a button, ...
    Currently Feeling: Excited, Curious, Anxious, Deeply hidden fear, Severely repressed guilt, Severely repressed shame, ...

    Motivations: Be a Good Girl, Examine Parahuman brains, Induce triggers to study effects, Experiment with new specimens, ...

    Equipment list: Mildly blood-stained blue frock, very blood-stained white apron, black knee-high buckle boots, blood-stained black and white striped tights, small Hello Kitty backpack, set of surgical tools, ...
    Click to shrink...

A wave of disgust, loathing and pity washes over me. What about the rest of the Nine? I click on the links to read the rest of the entries. There, that’s Jack, the other one I observed.

    Last Observe: 2/25/2010 7:31PM EST
    Name: Jacob Kellerman
    Level: 38
    Alias: Jack Slash
    Gender: Male
    Age: 36
    Ethnicity: Caucasian
    Race: Human (Parahuman)
    Class: Villain / Psychopath
    Faction: Slaughterhouse Nine

    STR: 18 (+5) 23
    AGI: 15 (+8) 23
    CON: 17 (+15) 32
    INT: ?? (??) ??
    PER: 20 (??) ??
    WIS: ?? (??) ??
    CHA: 27 (??) ??
    LUC: ?? (??) ??

    Allure: 6.0
    Armor: 7.1
    Speed: 3.27
    Attack: ??
    Dodge: ??

    Health: 550/550
    Stamina: 550/550
    Stress: ??
    H/T/F: ...

    Summary Description:
    Jacob grew up in an oppressive household with mentally unbalanced parents, who suffered from paranoia and a deep need to exert control over their own lives and the lives of others, resulting in a very restrictive childhood that he frequently rebelled from and was punished for. At the age of 11, his parents convinced him there was a nuclear war going on and locked him into a bomb shelter. For a year they only speak to him mostly via radio. He finally escaped and trigged upon exiting and realizing he had been lied to and the world was fine...

    ...so after killing King, Jacob and Harbinger parted ways. Thereafter Jacob became known as Jack Slash and led the Nine to...

    ...he is manipulative and cruel. Often prideful, and thinks highly of himself and his abilities to get people to do what he wants, especially his other team-mates. He loves to hear himself talk and strives to always make world a worse place with each plan he takes.

    Lately however, Jacob has been getting very bored with the repeated routine of the Nine rolling in, slicing everyone up too quickly and then poking around for a bit before moving on. He has gone so far to even wonder if his muse has left him. Lately, this has resulted in him seeking external ideas for how to set up his next game. He is looking for something new and interesting, a challenge he can match wits with, but has thus far failed to find anyone that could satisfy that criteria. Until then, he keeps setting up his games. His games are rigged, so that you can’t win without cheating or twisting the rules. Despite this, he’ll knowingly and hypocritically call the players out on their cheating, and use it as an excuse to cheat himself, merely because he thinks it is somehow ironic.

    He has the appearance of someone 36 years of age. He is tall and slender, with a height of 5’10” and weighs 175 lbs. including enhancements. He has dark, well kempt hair that is tied back and gelled. He has pale blue eyes. He beard and moustache is immaculately trimmed into a goatee with saw tooth edges pointing inwards. He has a lean muscular figure with no obvious body hair. His skin tone is slightly tanned. He generally bears a smile showing clean, white straight teeth, ...

    Status Effects:
    Mental: Severe Psychopathy, Major Narcissism, Conflict-Seeking, ...
    Physical: Minor Tinker-induced regenerative effects, ...

    Currently Feeling: Fundamentally Bored, Intrigued but skeptical, Amused, ...

    Motivations: Find something or someone that will alleviate boredom, maintain group integrity, get group to move on to a new location, ...

    Equipment list: Blood-stained black dress slacks, blood-stained white dress shirt, fine brown leather boots, black leather belt, switchblade, bowie knife, pocket knife, folding straight razor, hair gel, hair tie, ...
    Click to shrink...

God-damn, just why? Why? I haven’t even seen the other members yet. Clearly, Shatterbird is around to have done that to the bus. The others have to be nearby as well. How? How can I possibly have a chance at escaping these murder-hobos?

Out run them? Can I even do that against the likes of Crawler or Siberian? I have to get out first, and I’m chained up in here. Play dead? No, Bonesaw will just dissect me. Out-think them? Is that even possible? Out talk? I don’t want to be near enough to have a conversation…

My limbs start feeling tingly as sensations are coming back into them, another notification fires off.

Your Drug & Poison Resistance skill has increased by 1

Think about this. What can I plan? What can I do? I need to know where I am and what I’m dealing with. What are my immediate obstacles? What resources do I have? Can I help or save the others? I want to, is it feasible? I look over my inventory, still can’t fully make the gestures to pull anything out yet. I have weapons in there, a first aid kit, my costume, things I’ll need. I have to get creative.

Wait, not yet, am I being watched? I glance at my stealth interface. One Camera and two persons observing, fuck. I have to wait, get the feeling back into my hands; hide my movements. I can’t get out of here while chained to the floor. I activate stealth but it doesn’t take, still not sure how that skill works, probably doesn’t while under observation; but try again as much as I want, no risk there.

Every so often the person count observing me would drop to zero, someone is looking away? Wait for it and make faster movements then. Is it someone in the room watching or someone behind the camera? Does my observation detector even work like that? Must be behind the camera, my hearing is cranked up and all I can hear right now is the others breathing, no footsteps, no shuffling. Or is it a Stranger?

“Observe, Observe, Observe, Observe, Observe” I sub-vocalize again, a pretty heavy duty chain and combination lock, securing my hands and ankles. I wait till the human observe count hits zero. Shit, can’t inventory it while it’s attached to the floor. Maybe I can pick it, generic combo-lock, nothing special.

I glance at the other unconscious passengers I can see: <Jordan Palecki, Nurse, Level 3>, <Arthur Sinclair, Mechanic, Level 4>, <Robert Kensington, Unemployed, Level 4>, <Macy Sitwell, College Student, Level 2>. Why’s their level low? Doesn’t match what I saw on the bus earlier. It must be because they’re drugged and unconscious. It’ll take them far longer than me, for the paralytic to wear off. They’re injured, but no broken bones, no significant bleeding. Even so, limited use and fighting ability. That’s not everyone though.

“Quests” I murmur under my breath and look over the stupidly named main quest. Random encounter my ass.

Saved: 0, Dead: 23, Pending: 21

I wince; more than half already gone. Why are we still alive? What’s being planned? Some kind of game based on what Jack said on the bus, and his dossier; fucking psychopaths. His games are rigged, cheat, don’t play by his rules. Make that my mantra. Meditate; I can meditate while I wait for the poison timer to drop. Can’t chant, don’t want to make noise. Patience, wait for them to look away, and then move. Finally, after nudging with my tongue and jaw, then my shoulders and hands, I get my interface to where I can slowly operate the free camera controls with one tingly finger.

Now I can see the whole picture. One set of stairs leading up to a single door, no windows. Are we in a basement? There are sixteen of us, chained to the floor, the Sanchez family is here. I’m the only one awake. I observe everyone.

The four from before: Jordan, Arthur, Robert, and Macy. There’s myself, Carmen, Rueben and Chela. Chela went down to level 0? Just a five level drop from being paralyzed and unconscious? She’s also the youngest, then me. Level drop is not consistent among the rest. Stop it, that’s not important! Focus!

<Marcus Sanford, Accountant/Part-time Actor, Level 2>, <Jennifer Olsen, Retiree, Level 1>, <Jeremy Ford, College Student, Level 3>, <Patricia Hart, Sales Clerk/Grandmother, Level 2>, <Greg Bonner, Software Engineer/Hunter, Level 4>, <David Archer, Construction Worker/Army Veteran, Level 12>, <Michael Connor, Cab Driver, Level 4>

Well there’s hope for David, he knows how to fight, I may not be able to get out of this by myself. The last person in this room is… On no, just… fuck me.

<Melinda Walker, Housewife/Bonesaw’s Meat Puppet, Level 16> “Observe”

Shit, she’s not unconscious and not paralyzed, but pretending to be both. Melinda is still in there, terrified, and desperately wishing to die. Can she be saved? If not can she be removed without creating suspicion? Do the nine already know I’m a cape? Can I even do that? I feel sick, want to throw up after reading…. can’t force it down. She’s a plant, an observer, the source of the camera or one set of human eyes watching me? No can’t be, not facing in my direction at all, unless Bonesaw put eyes in the back of her head. No, Observe didn’t mention it. I spot an electronic camera in the corner of the room, that’s it.

We’re chained up in was some kind of McMansion. Probably once nice looking, now mostly bereft of furniture and items, except various trash, or things I suspect may have been placed on purpose. I zoom around the house, memorizing exits, door, and windows. But they’re all trapped and boarded up in a variety of ways, even some of the interior doors between rooms. The number of old blood stains I see… They must have been using this house for a while, prepared it multiple times for whatever they are going to put us through. The cameras in the rooms are installed, not part of the original house. Some clearly destroyed and fixed or replaced. Probably some hidden ones too, that’s what I would do if I was a sick sadistic fuck… But why? Why go through all this trouble?

Nobody else is in the house and I can scry into all the rooms. That doesn’t match the occupant count Observing the house directly gave me, which is twenty-seven. Seven fucking ‘biomechanical spiders’, whatever the hell that means, and twenty people. Since I can’t find them, that means they’re hiding, somewhere.

Where is the rest of the nine? Where are they, presumably, watching all this from? I push the camera further to outside the house. It’s dark, late at night, full moon, but no lights. Wait, no there is one lit house down the street. Free camera can’t reach it. Twenty one occupants, ten spiders and eleven people. No ten people, the fuck? Did someone leave? A notification fires off.

Cindy Mitchel has been removed from your relationship sheet

Fuck.

Saved: 0, Dead: 24, Pending: 20

I see something moving in the moonlight on the street as I navigate my view around. <Ned Parker/Crawler, Villain, Level ????> “Observe”

    Name: Ned Parker
    Level: ????
    Alias: Crawler
    Gender: No longer relevant
    Age: 28
    Ethnicity: No longer relevant
    Race: Monster (Parahuman)
    Class: Villain
    Faction: Slaughterhouse Nine

    STR: 312 (+0) 312
    AGI: 63 (+0) 63
    CON: 740 (+0) 740
    INT: ?? (??) ??
    PER: 52 (??) ??
    WIS: ?? (??) ??
    CHA: 6 (??) ??
    LUC: ?? (??) ??

    Allure: 0.0
    Armor: 144.0
    Speed: 4.6 (+3.0) 7.6
    Attack: ??
    Dodge: ??

    Health: 10,520/10,520
    Stamina: 8,030/8,030
    Stress: ??
    H/T/F: ...

    Summary Description:
    Ned Parker was originally a small, feeble, unassuming man with a serious lack of self-confidence, and constant sense of dread over what he perceived was a lack of sufficient masculinity. That all changed when he received powers after triggering in...

    ...Crawler likes nothing more than to get hurt. Each injury received adapts it to make it stronger or more resistance to what caused it harm. These masochistic tendencies make it to pursue any conflict with great fervor, as it looks forward to the pleasure received in expanding its ever evolving abilities.

    ...

    Ned Parker, the beast of the Slaughterhouse Nine, is a Parahuman Monster. It is the only one of its kind. A gigantic multi-limbed former human composed of twisted, mutated flesh. It has black very thick skin. It has six legs studded with bone. It has 274 ferocious red eyes covering its body. Its skin is covered with hard scales. It has one powerful tail, which menaces with spikes of chitin. It has one gigantic mouth, full of razor sharp, misshapen teeth. Corrosive spit constantly drips from its jaw. Its tongue is forked and prehensile. Its front legs split into three pairs of smaller limbs at the knees. Beware its corrosive venom! Crawler is associated with terror, monsters, corruption, and adaptation.

    Status Effects:
    Mental: Complete Loss of Empathy, Severe Masochism, Irreversible inhumane mindset, Conflict-Seeking, ...
    Physical: Rapid Adaptive Regeneration, Projectile Corrosive Spit, ...

    Currently Feeling: Hungry, Unchallenged, Mildly Impatient, ...
    Motivations: Evolve into an something ever stronger, Get Siberian to fight him, Find something that can harm him, ...

    Equipment list: None
    Click to shrink...

Crawler was… eating something… oh god. No don’t throw up, look away.

Your Empathy skill has increased by 1

What? Why is seeing all this suffering giving me Empathy skill?

I don’t….I don’t have time to dwell on it. That’s enough, get back to the house. Select First Person view. Wait a moment, still only the sounds of breathing. I can move my hands more now, wait for it. No longer being watched… Stealth on; grab the lock. Still can’t raise the thing to my ear, need to, to listen to it click to pick it. No, I can remote view again; double check Melinda; okay. She’s still facing away from me on the other side of room, pretending to be unconscious.

There, maneuver the free camera inside the lock, zoom in, listen. Quietly turn the dial. Try, 1…, fail; reset. Stealth broke, freeze, being watched? Yes. Wait… can’t wait forever, small slow movements, 1, 2…, fail; reset. Not being watched, stealth on, faster movement, 1, 2, 3… fail; reset. 1, 2, 3, 4…, *CLICK* Success! Shit, did anyone hear that? What numbers are those? 1, 2, 3, 4, 5. What? That’s the stupidest combination I’ve ever heard in my life! That’s the kind of thing an idiot would have on his luggage!

Stupidities aside; take what advantages I can get. Refocus my camera, re-observe the locks. Same make and model. Bulk purchase? Yep, same stupid combination works on the lock at my feet. I can move even better now, muffle the click this time. Success, detach the second lock.

Now what? I have to rescue everyone else. As soon as I move to do so, it’ll be obvious to those watching me. What do I do about Melinda? She is still in there. I don’t want to kill an innocent person. Even if she’s faking it she is still chained up. All part of the ruse? What game are you playing at Jack? What else? Can’t forgot about the spiders and four other persons hiding in the house; still have to find them.

Your Drug & Poison Resistance skill has increased by 1

Oh, check my paralysis counter, moving faster again, few minutes more. Can’t be hindered when I make my move. Check the others, they have longer to go, how can I speed that up? I got a first aid kit in inventory. Damn, can’t check what’s inside a container in inventory. Can’t do anything about it now; focus on different problem.

Free camera again, zoom through the house, double check everything. Where are those fuckers? Aha, there you are: <Joseph Palmer, Bonesaw’s Meat Puppet, Level 16> Shit. “Observe” catatonic, nobody’s home anymore; hiding in Kitchen pantry. <Tina Mathers, Bonesaw’s Meat Puppet, Level 15> hiding in bathroom shower. “Observe”. <Thomas Cruise, Bonesaw’s Meat Puppet, Level 15>, hiding in closet; “Observe”, all catatonic. Where’s the spiders? Where’s the fourth one? Fuck, including the fourth that’s nineteen out of the twenty pending. Can I even save the meat puppets? How? They’re modified, blades for hands, other metal bits sticking out, and no control over their own bodies… They’re probably a lost cause. Yet why still be pending then on that damn quest? Who’s the twentieth person?

Christopher Wilkinson has been removed from your relationship sheet
Saved: 0, Dead: 25, Pending: 19

Well, god damn it. That answers that.

* * * *

The status effect ‘Paralytic Poison’ has been removed

Finally, I wiggle my toes just to be sure. Some lingering tingly after-effects, but that’s all. Not being watched, scoot closer to the person next to me. My hands are already near their feet, so… wait, watch, move. Muffle the sound, *click*, Jordan’s feet were unlocked. That’s it though, nothing else closer without getting up and moving, not even Jordan’s hands. That very probably means detection.

How much longer can I afford to wait? Bonesaw probably knows when her stuff is due to wear off. Can’t let it be that long. Get up while they’re looking? Detected, Wreck the Camera? Detected. Wait some more then. There, no one is looking again; pull the first aid kit out, shield the view and light show with my body as best I can, open and re-inventory all the contents individually and the case. What do I have? Bandages, medicines, scissors, threads, ointments, smelling salts… There! Those will help me wake people up. Don’t know if it will help lessen the paralytic effect. It’s only one small ampule though, is that enough for everyone? How do these things work? Can I reuse it? Guess I’ll find out.

Think; think; think! There’s probably no avoiding eventual detection, just need to give myself as much lead time as possible and work as quick as I can. I’ll need a distraction, to focus their attention on something else. Back to free camera, another round of Observes on everyone, check their timers and wait. Longest timer is 20 minutes now; hope waking them will somehow shorten it. Pre-select my censor sound something loud and obnoxious, move out with free camera to my furthest range, to the best spot to pull them away from the house and still be able to hear it. Profanity filter on, curse like a sailor…

[CENSOR] [CENSOR] [CENSOR] [CENSOR]

First person mode, no eyes on me, one camera, stealth on, pull out my bat as I stand up, move quick now toward the spot below the camera, jump up and swing. “Power Strike.” Lucky hit, first try, camera is wrecked, zero cameras watching me, zero people.

I pull the first aid supplies and the smelling salt ampule from my inventory, break it open, and rush over to each person; I skip Melina but keep an eye on her. It’s working. Everyone starts waking up, still under the lingering effects of the paralytic though.

“We got captured locked up by the Slaughterhouse Nine. The drugged us, but it’s temporary, I woke up first.” I whisper to each person, not entirely sure how cognizant each one is as I do so.

I start opening the locks, first Chela’s, then her father’s, then her mother, then Jordan’s hands, then David’s…

“Huurrk!”

-12 HP (6 resisted)
-0 HP (1 resisted)

Fuck.. getting strangled, David’s chain… He’s awake… “I’m trying to…” He squeezes tighter.

-0 HP (2 resisted)
-0 HP (2 resisted)
-0 HP (2 resisted)
You are suffering from the status effect ‘Asphyxiation’

There are people screaming now, saying they can’t move. Clearly some can as I hear the chains rattling. “Stop...” I mutter out, David is ignoring me though, and squeezes tighter

-0 HP (3 resisted)
-0 HP (3 resisted)

“HEY!” Jordan yells. “I think he was trying to help you I saw him undo the lock on your feet!”

“What the fuck is going on?” David asks as he loosens his grip.

The status effect ‘Asphyxiation’ has been removed

No point in whispering anymore. “Was on the bus with you, we got captured by the Nine, they drugged us, locked us up. I woke up first, got free.”

“Sorry” David managed to say, before a cacophony of screams and cries followed.

<”SIMON!” What is happening?” I can’t stand up”> I hear Reuben shout in Spanish at me.

<“The Nine, they captured and drugged us, locked us up in here, I woke up first and got free, was trying to free everyone else.”> I respond. <”We have to hurry get up as best you can, paralysis is temporary”>

“Why can’t we move?” one of the women yells.

“Some kind of paralysis drug it will wear off” I answer, as I get David’s lock off his hands.

“Carefully try to stand, you want to get blood flowing to all your limbs, massage them to help speed it along.” Jordan shouts. “They can’t speak English?” she asks gesturing to the Sanchez.

“No, but I can translate”, then I did so.

“You’re wearing scrubs.” David says to Jordan, “that mean you’re a nurse?”

“Yes. Use those bandages to help whoever is still injured.” He says in a commanding tone.

“How the hell do we get out of here?” Jeremy asks while vigorously rubbing his limp legs.

“Well, now!” A loud masculine voice, cracks over the intercom. “Allow me to answer that. Seems like someone decided to start the game early.” The voice matches the one I heard on the bus before I blacked out. It was Jack. “No matter, the rules are simple. One of you just needs to kill one of the others in the room, and then I’ll tell you the combination. After that—“

“Power Strike” I smashed my bat into the intercom, destroying it. Fuck, one camera on me, and more eyes on me than the number of people in this room. I look at Melinda, she is sitting upright and staring at me.

“How come some of you are unlocked and I ain’t?” Michael yells.

“That was Jack Slash wasn’t it?” David asks.

“Yeah, everything he says is a lie.”

“We have to kill someone to get out of here?” Michael asks again.

“No way, fuck that...” someone says.

<“Simon we don’t understand, what is everyone saying?”> Chela asked me.

Angry voices threaten to drown out everyone, so I yell. “The Combination is 1, 2, 3, 4 5! I had to lock pick mine to find out.” Everyone actually quiets down. “Yeah it was that stupid, probably meant to make us feel guilty someone killed someone to learn something so ridiculously idiotic.”

Everyone starts unlocking their chains, and I start translating for the Sanchez’s. I look up as I hear someone run up the stairs.

“NO WAIT!!!” I yell. It’s too late, Jeremy opens the door. A soon as he does, a trip wire goes off and several kitchen knives affixed to some wood swing down from the ceiling, and stab him in the throat. He falls over backwards, tumbles down the stairs, and bleeds out in seconds.

Jeremy Ford has been removed from your relationship sheet
Saved: 0, Dead: 26, Pending: 18

The screaming resumes at full volume.

Name: Simon Clarence Anderson
Gender: Male
Age: 15
Race: Human (Parahuman)
Class: Teenage Runaway / Rogue
Faction: None
Money: $5.16
Title: Gentleman Thief
Level: 17 (67.33%)
XP: 27800

Primary Attributes
STR: 11 (+0.00) 11.00 (58.30%)
AGI: 9 (+0.00) 9.00 (12.40%)
CON: 21 (+0.00) 21.00 (77.63%)
INT: 25 (+0.00) 25.00 (3.12%)
PER: 12 (+0.00) 12.00 (28.05%)
WIS: 22 (+0.00) 22.00 (29.55%)
CHA: 13 (+0.00) 13.00 (58.97%)
LUC: 15 (+0.00) 15.00 (48.74%)
Unspent Points: 49

Secondary Attributes
Health Pool: 665/677
Stamina Pool: 555/555
Mana Pool: 5113/5312
Stress Pool: 470/470

Attack: 12.50
Speed: 2.80
Dodge: 14.44
Armor: 0.40
Carry: 110.00
Allure: 3 (+0.50) 3.5

Status Effects
Teenage Acne: ALU -0.50
Alluring Charm*: ALU +1.00


Skills
Max Slots: 52
Free Skill Slots: 12
Artistry: 10 (85.89%)
Athletics: 12 (36.88%)
Basic Academics: 9 (0.00%)
Computers: 10 (11.23%)
Crafting (Stone & Pottery): 10 (5.67%)
Create Mana Golem: 12 (18.03%)
Damage Resistance (Electrical): 1 (0.00%)
Damage Resistance (Fire & Heat): 2 (0.00%)
Damage Resistence (Physical): 3 (14.96%)
Disable Device: 11 (16.43%)
Disease Resistance: 6 (60.13%)
Disguise: 4 (25.98%)
Drug & Poison Resistance: 17 (12.34%)
Empathy: 11 (3.56%)
Firearms: 1 (0.00%)
Gamer’s Body: MAX (0.00%)
Gamer’s Interface: MAX (0.00%)
Gamer’s Mind: MAX (0.00%)
Language-English: MAX (0.00%)
Language-Spanish: MAX (0.00%)
Mathematics: 4 (0.00%)
Medicine: 2 (80.86%)
Meditation: 12 (48.91%)
Melee Weapons: 4 (0.00%)
Null Resistance: 3 (13.69%)
Observe: 23 (9.39%)
Parahuman Lore: 7 (92.56%)
Power Strike: 10 (0.22%)
Programming: 10 (0.54%)
Psychology: 5 (0.00%)
Science (Biology): 1 (53.22%)
Science (Chemistry): 1 (0.00%)
Science (Earth): 1 (0.00%)
Speech: 10 (34.52%)
Stealth: 12 (20.45%)
Strategy: 5 (0.00%)
Thievery: 11 (0.00%)
Unarmed Combat: 5 (0.00%)
Vehicle Operations: 3 (0.00%)
Video Games: 26 (16.74%)
Unspent Skill Points: 6

Perks
Free Perk Slots: 1
Gaia's Blessing: Mana Pool and Mana Skill access
Gaia's Attunement: Elemental Affinity access
Light Sleeper: Need only 5 hours to get fully rested
Mana Reserve: Bonus MP per level increased by 25%
XP Whore: +10% Level XP

Flaws
Selective Amnesia: We had to make room for stuff in your head
A Bit of a Troll: Sometimes you just can't help yourself
Unnatural Curiosity: Can't always resist the urge to find stuff out

Cheaty Powers
Invisible Light Source: White on White Interface Theme
Language Comprehension: Multi-lingual subtitles
Limited Remote Viewing: Free & Third Person Camera Modes
Limited Microscopic View: Free Camera Zoom In
Distracting Sound: Profanity filter
See in Darkness: Contrast, Brightness & Gamma Correction
Super Hearing: Selective volume controls
Audio Filtering: Selective channel muting
Sound Protection: Built in decibel control
Personal Jukebox: Broadcast Music library
FRAPS: Record and playback from Camera POV
Cape Detection: From Observe & Overhead Tags
Media Access: From inventory w/ Data-interface & Wi-fi signal
Temporal Stasis Effect: From inventory
Quick Change/Equip: From inventory-avatar drag-drop
Observation Detection: From stealth - detecting & electonic eye interface
Vague Pre-Cog/Peri-Cog: From Quests & Quest notifications
Polyphasic Sleep: Fatigue point pool abuse & Light Sleeper

Affinities
Earth: 6
Water: 1
Plant: 1
Lightning: 3
