Wednesday, February 17th, 2010

Well, the nap was really short, just enough to max my stamina and let me repeat a few rounds of Power Strike spam before I shift to trying to trying get this damn safe open.

Your Power Strike skill has increased by 1
Your Unarmed Combat skill has increased by 1

It was interesting that Part 1 of the Gun Smuggler quest had not triggered yet. I guess it doesn’t count until I have her gun in my hand or in my inventory? I’m kinda glad for that actually. It would have topped my to level 11. While I want to level up, doing so would also bump Gamer’s Body. I want that as well, but it would also make training it harder. It would probably be easier to get the next level in it before hitting level 11, preferably twice, and let the jump from 24 to 25 hit via level up. I don’t think there is enough total active quests XP that will get me to level 12 soonish-ly? Well, in the near future.

2 of 5 events achieved for Quest: Become a Cape!

Oh well, maybe there is if I go do my thing three more times. I should check PHO or such for reports of a new Master in Houston. Hmm, I guess that getting that notification means they have linking this morning to the drug house? Didn’t take long, but definitely a kind of present-cognition, added to whatever precog type effects have that let my quests do their thing. I should write that down a s a cheaty power.

It was 7am and I was at my rest threshold again. I reorganized my inventory, pulled the drugs I had locked in the room safe back into my inventory and started trying to get the safe open.

Three hours later and I still hadn’t gotten it open. I was reasonably certain I had the first number right and was slowly brute forcing my way through the rest, but this was getting ridiculous. I need the room another night, just to keep trying, and hole up for a while. I took a break to extend my stay, and do some shopping.

Your Observe skill has increased by 1

So much easier to grind that when I am out and about among crowded stores and malls and such. I can see people’s PER stat now, as well as modifiers that they have for CON. Average PER seems to be about 15, which means I am actually below average, which sucks because it has been a hard stat to train. However it was making good progress while I was trying to listen at cracking the safe. I snagged food for today and tomorrow, a long wooden pole to use as a staff for weapon variety, replaced all my missing costume pieces, and even swapped out some clothes for cleaner stuff. I sold the ones that were not bad off to the thrift store for a few bucks. I wanted to hit the arcade again to try and get more skill exploits, but don’t have the time. I had to get back to the hotel and finish getting that safe open.

Your Melee Weapons skill has increased by 1
Your Power Strike skill has increased by 1
You have unlocked the Pull your Punches feature for Power Strike
You may gain the Staves specialty for Melee Weapons
For testing the limits of your endurance and vitality, you have gained 1 CON

Thursday, February 18th, 2010

It was past 1 am? Holy crap. Still can’t get this thing open. So close to a PER gain though. if I can’t open though before checkout time, I’ll have to stay another night and steal some power tools because god damn. Is this one of those games where if I fail it doesn’t tell me and can’t try again until my skill level changes? That would suck.

Also fucking Gamer’s Body. I earned a CON point before I leveled that thing again. I’m close though. Hamster wheel indeed. Sleep spam grind, sleep spam grind, listen to a safe clicking for 8 hours, break for spam grinding when stamina is full, over and over. Yes, it would be a lot faster if I just… mutilated myself, but I’m already almost healed up. So, meh, back on the wheel.

Your Gamer’s Body skill has increased by 1

Well that took entirely too long, but only about an extra hour from when I last check. Also made a few 1 pound clay snake golems to drain off mana and use as replacements. Snakes are just rolled clay with eyes and a not much of a mouth. Theoretically they can bind and trip up people though.

For exhaustively testing and training your senses, you have gained 1 PER
Your Lockpicking skill has increased by 1

Finally, it only took another three hours of trying. Then I get the PER gain and I can hear the internals better, and I can get the thing open. Training PER is such a major pain, there has to be a way to do that while doing something else at the same time, but then the other thing ends up taking up too much of my attention. Maybe meditation? I haven’t messed with that in a while. I couldn’t do it in this case though because I had to move my hands.

Well quest still hasn’t fired yet but the door is open. Julia’s gun is in there, so is a knife, a lot of assorted jewelry, a digital camera, a handheld game system, and an MP3 player. I’m keeping the last two, maybe the knife too if it is better than my current one. Sell the Jewelry and the camera at a pawn shop, preferable one whose clerk has ‘Fence’ as part of their class description.

I feel bad that these other kids got their stuff stolen, but I can’t return it, or even know who it belongs to. Probably for the best as it would have looked really weird if the only thing taken from the safe was Julia’s gun. Maybe I can sell the safe too. Nah, too obvious there, I’ll just ditch it somewhere.

A more immediate question is, train more Gamer’s Body the slow way before I take the gun out and level up or after? I also have skill points left that I could spend; I’d only need one after leveling. I guess I still have a bit of time to decide later after a couple more sessions.

Your Power Strike skill has increased by 1
Your Unarmed Combat skill has increased by 1

That’s an even level 4 in unarmed and I need to stop or all the specialties I’ll want later will just get harder to get. That only leaves melee weapons to try, but I’m worried about the increased amount of damage the strikes are doing. Hitting a lump of clay in the bathroom is one thing, but I’ve already had to clean specks off the walls several times. I tried the pull your punches bit, but hitting for less than max is less efficient at getting skill XP. I need to switch back to melee weapons, but a wrong move and I’ll lose my deposit because I took a chunk out of the tub. That also assume I get more variety, there isn’t exactly a sword shop in town that I know of, and they probably won’t like me stealing shit. A hardware store is a better bet, but weight is going to start being an issue.

I guess my next option is overloading myself so much that I kill my stamina rapidly with each step, that’s probably what I need to try next because I don’t want to squander a moment of the opportunity having a hotel room where I can do what I want out of sight provides me.

****​

Taking a break I found someone labeled as a fence, and sold the digital camera. I sold the jewelry spread out across a few other pawn shops in the area. I probably got ripped off, but it’s enough to pay for another night and then some. My skill gains were slow but I should get the next Gamer’s Body level in less than 24 hours. I also picked up a hatchet, axe and machete from the hardware store.

I visited a gun shop also, found ammo that matched Julia’s gun but could not swipe anything. Everything was behind locked counters. I did replace my ski goggles with ballistic goggles. Those were not behind a counter.

I got back to the room and tried some rounds using overloaded inventory weight, but it was less efficient than using Power Strike and didn’t raise up additional skills. After I study for a while I’ll try that again, I just have to be more careful.

You may gain the Hatchets specialty for Melee Weapons

Yeah, can’t do that anymore. Almost broke some bath tiles on a missed swing, would have if I hadn’t laid out the sleeping bag as a just in case. Now, just a few more hours of study to finish off the Econ textbook quest, and get back below 40% on fatigue. I’ll leave just one question unanswered to hold off the XP award until I am ready for it.

You may gain the Trigonometry specialty for Mathematics

The most hindering aspect slowing down my abuse of converting stamina into skill points was ‘the can’t rest’ limit, but at least I could get other stuff down while waiting that to get back down. Don’t need Thomas’s trig book anymore, well maybe I can use it for machete practice if I get around to it. I glance at the time. It was midnight now, Friday morning. Damn nearly a week has gone by already.

Friday, February 19th, 2010

For testing the limits of your endurance and vitality, you have gained 1 CON

Well that’s nice, but this is taking far too long. Each time my CON goes up, as best I can tell, the ratio of value between stamina point and HP for gaining CON and XP for Gamer’s Body gets worse. It sure as hell isn’t 25 to 1 now, which was what I based my estimate on when I tried to do this. There was no way I was going to get to level 24 in Gamer’s Body before I have to check out. I don’t know if I’ll be able to rent again, and if I did it would put me at risk for affording the bus ticket to Brockton. I guess I can steal more shit to spawn, but that means spending time to do that, and I don’t necessarily want to do that all the time either.

Is saving an extra skill point really worth it? I kind of wish I had for Gamer’s Mind, yet I didn’t at all regret it for Interface. I’m 50% of the way there. I’d hate to have done all that for nothing. Well I guess it won’t all be for nothing due to the CON gains I got, but…

Of course I am ignoring the other way I could gain the skill XP I needed. HP will convert at such a much better ratio. Is it worth it? Lose just enough HP to gain it all back from a meal or a nap? Technically, all point bars that are at their max leave wasted point that could have come from regen. Will it give me bad status effects that won’t go away quickly enough? Gaining levels in Gamer’s Body reduced both the de-buffs and timer of the ones I have currently. I’d be gaining two more before maxing it out. I’d have to test the numbers first…

****​

-3 HP
-3 HP
-3 HP
-3 HP
-3 HP

Attacking myself this is going to look so healthy, only very minor bruising. 15 points for +3% GB. I’d have to lose, way too much for that to be entirely worth it. What’s my new regen rates while awake and asleep? Now I wait, study on the next textbook quest, and keep on checking.

You may gain the Suturing specialty for Medicine

Well, I thought suturing would already be covered by First Aid. I should stop trying to make sense of what specialties show up. I watched the last of my blood wash down the bathtub drain. I let myself lose an additional 65 HP via several tiny cuts, now all sutured up at the loss of all the consumables in my first aid kid. The oxy and 50% pain resistance helped. Also, I apparently had enough blood loss to drop several fatigue points but not enough to create any bleeding effects, which was what I had hoped for. Well this is maybe the stupidest thing I’ve ever done, but if it works? Not doing more, should get it back with five hours of sleep and a couple meals. I’ll eat one now and sleep, only got it to 75%. I’m not going to be able to complete it tonight, but I’ll figure something out tomorrow.

****​

I only slept for three hours instead of give, automatic awakening if my fatigue meter fills back up to max I suppose. I made some more clay Golem snakes after having practiced with them last night before resting. I have fifteen of them now. They don’t do much damage but they can constrict, and bind people up. I can’t avoid another night here if I really want to finishfinish this skill off and I do. I’ll go shopping replace my first aid kit and snag other supplies and figure out how to kill 12 hours of time waiting for fatigue to go back down to rest exploit levels.

Your Thievery skill has increased by 1

Saturday, February 20th, 2010

For exercising your strength to the point of extreme strain you have gained 1 STR

It’s after midnight again. So now I’ve killed twelve-plus hours with inventory overloaded STR training plus some stolen dumb-bells, which I probably won’t be able to take with me anyway. I considered the power strike spam, but that only works best when cheating with power naps to force my stamina to fill back up super-fast. Otherwise stretching out all that stamina over physical training while awake is the better choice.

Your Create Mana Golem skill has increased by 1

Yeah, cause I need to spend the mana from the power naps, nineteen snakes now.

Your Gamer’s Body skill has increased by 1

Finally! Finally! After all these hours and spent money. Shit its already past 5am. All that to save one skill point, and well, all the other grinding too. I reached into the safe and took out Julia’s gun, and dropped it into my inventory. I’ll need to ditch the safe somewhere later in the morning.

+275 XP, Quest: Gun Smuggler, Part 1 Completed
You have gained a level! You are now level 11.
Your Gamer’s Body skill has increased by 1
You have unlocked the Avatar feature for Gamer’s Body
Gamer’s Body has reached Max rank

    Secret Quest: Max your core skills completed
    Max your Gamer’s Body, Mind and Interface skill out at 25.

    Success: +5000 XP

    Bonus Condition complete before level 25:
    Success: +50 XP for each level below 25

    Bonus Condition complete before level 20:
    Success: +100 XP for each level below 20

    Bonus Condition complete before level 15:
    Success:+150 XP for each level below 15

    Bonus Condition complete before level 10: Failed
    Bonus Condition complete before level 5: Failed



+7920 XP, Secret Quest: Max your core skills completed
You have gained a level! You are now level 12
You have gained a level! You are now level 13
You have gained a level! You are now level 14

HOLY FUCK!

Your Power Strike skill has increased by 1
Your Unarmed Combat skill has increased by 1
2 of 5 events achieved for Quest: Become a Cape!
Your Observe skill has increased by 1
Your Melee Weapons skill has increased by 1
Your Power Strike skill has increased by 1
You have unlocked the Pull your Punches feature for Power Strike
For testing the limits of your endurance and vitality, you have gained 1 CON
Your Gamer’s Body skill has increased by 1
For exhaustively testing and training your senses, you have gained 1 PER
Your Lockpicking skill has increased by 1
Your Power Strike skill has increased by 1
Your Unarmed Combat skill has increased by 1
You may gain the Hatchets specialty for Melee Weapons
You may gain the Trigonometry specialty for Mathematics
For testing the limits of your endurance and vitality, you have gained 1 CON
You may gain the Suturing specialty for Medicine
Your Thievery skill has increased by 1
For exercising your strength to the point of extreme strain you have gained 1 STR
Your Create Mana Golem skill has increased by 1
Your Gamer’s Body skill has increased by 1
+275 XP, Quest: Gun Smuggler, Part 1 Completed
You have gained a level! You are now level 11
Your Gamer’s Body skill has increased by 1
You have unlocked the Avatar feature for Gamer’s Body
Gamer’s Body has reached Max rank
+7920 XP, Secret Quest: Max your core skills completed
You have gained a level! You are now level 12
You have gained a level! You are now level 13
You have gained a level! You are now level 14

Name: Simon Clarence Anderson
Gender: Male
Age: 15
Race: Human (Parahuman)
Class: Teenage Runaway / Thief
Faction: None
Money: $388.13
Title: Gentleman Thief
Level: 14 (48.74%)
XP: 18191

Primary Attributes
STR: 11 (0.00) 11.00 (8.46%)
AGI: 7 (0.00) 7.00 (55.74%)
CON: 17 (0.00) 17.00 (91.15%)
INT: 22 (0.00) 22.00 (54.84%)
PER: 12 (0.00) 12.00 (0.00%)
WIS: 22 (0.00) 22.00 (4.76%)
CHA: 12 (0.00) 12.00 (91.64%)
LUC: 11 (0.00) 11.00 (0.00%)
Unspent Points: 42

Secondary Attributes
Health Pool: 518/518
Stamina Pool: 58/408
Mana Pool: 2343/3850
Stress Pool: 440/440

Attack: 10.10
Speed: 2.73
Dodge: 11.77
Armor: 0.20
Carry: 110.00
Allure: 2.50

Status Effects
Teenage Acne: ALU -0.5

Skills
Max Slots: 46
Free Skill Slots: 10
Artistry: 10 (71.23%)
Athletics: 11 (64.65%)
Basic Academics: 9 (99.99%)
Computers: 10 (0.00%)
Crafting (Stone & Pottery): 10 (0.00%)
Create Mana Golem: 11 (4.99%)
Disease Resistance: 6 (52.60%)
Disguise: 1 (0.00%)
Drug & Poison Resistance: 10 (82.76%)
Empathy: 10 (22.66%)
Firearms: 1 (0.00%)
Gamer’s Body: MAX (0.00%)
Gamer’s Interface: MAX (0.00%)
Gamer’s Mind: MAX (0.00%)
Language-English: MAX (0.00%)
Language-Spanish: MAX (0.00%)
Lockpicking: 11 (2.55%)
Mathematics: 4 (0.00%)
Medicine: 2 (52.33%)
Meditation: 11 (63.01%)
Melee Weapons: 3 (0.00%)
Null Resistance: 3 (13.69%)
Observe: 15 (81.89%)
Parahuman Lore: 6 (76.56%)
Power Strike: 6 (47.72%)
Programming: 10 (0.54%)
Psychology: 5 (0.00%)
Science (Biology): 1 (53.22%)
Science (Earth): 1 (0.00%)
Speech: 9 (55.76%)
Stealth: 11 (85.45%)
Strategy: 3 (35.30%)
Thievery: 8 (0.00%)
Unarmed Combat: 4 (0.00%)
Vehicle Operations: 3 (0.00%)
Video Games: 26 (13.54%)
Unspent Skill Points: 6

Perks
Free Perk Slots: 0
Gaia's Blessing: Mana Pool and Mana Skill access
Gaia's Attunement: Elemental Affinity access
Light Sleeper: Need only 5 hours to get fully rested
Mana Reserve: Bonus MP per level increased by 25%
XP Whore: +10% Level XP

Flaws
Selective Amnesia: We had to make room for stuff in your head
A Bit of a Troll: Sometimes you just can't help yourself
Unnatural Curiosity: Can't always resist the urge to find stuff out

Cheaty Powers
Invisible Light Source: White on White Interface Theme
Language Comprehension: Multi-lingual subtitles
Limited Remote Viewing: Free & Third Person Camera Modes
Limited Microscopic View: Free Camera Zoom In
Distracting Sound: Profanity filter
See in Darkness: Contrast, Brightness & Gamma Correction
Super Hearing: Selective volume controls
Audio Filtering: Selective channel muting
Sound Protection: Built in decibel control
Personal Jukebox: Broadcast Music library
FRAPS: Record and playback from Camera POV
Cape Detection: From Observe & Overhead Tags
Media Access: From inventory w/ Data-interface & Wi-fi signal
Temporal Stasis Effect: From inventory
Quick Change/Equip: From inventory-avatar drag-drop
Observation detection: From stealth - detecting & electonic eye interface
Vague Pre-Cog & Peri-Cog: From Quests & Quest notifications
