Saturday, February 20th, 2010

Oh, wow, that felt fucking awesome. Three levels at once, no, effectively four levels at once. Hot damn what did I get?

“Parapedia, Avatar”

    Avatar:
    You’re a near-literal game character. Your Avatar state exists as long as you have positive HP. Your Avatar is an undetectable photo and tactile realistic representation of the current state of your underlying real body, overlaid and partially merged with it.

    While active, all damaged received is cosmetic in nature as it is distributed throughout your Avatar, and displayed via awesome science-fictiony texture layering and microscopic voxel effects to produce bruising, cuts, bleeding, bodily fluid spatters and other signs of injury, to provide a high quality non-numeric visual representation of how close you are to 0 HP to observers.

    Microscopic voxel effects that leave your person fade over time, just like the corpse of some random mob you fragged in your favorite RPG)

    While the Avatar state is active it, and your underlying body, is immune to dismemberment and similar body destroying massive trauma, though the potential HP loss still applies.

    If you reach 0 HP, the Avatar state turns off, your real body receives surface shock injuries, making most of those cosmetic appearance injuries real, and you are left just as squishy as your current baseline self, until you hit CON 0 and its game over.

    The feature Avatar is a prerequisite for damage resistance and other skills. If the Avatar state is not active, all skills that require it as a prerequisite cease to function.



Good God, that sounds both awesome and scary. I stripped down and examined myself in the mirror. My injuries seemed to have completely healed, except for the acne, fuck you too. I removed all my bandages and stitches. I didn’t look different, and I didn’t feel different. Photo and tactile realistic, eh? I guess it is. I notice it didn’t mention anything about gear or clothing, does that mean they are excluded? Apparently they are excluded as ripping off a loose thread from my shirt didn’t miraculously repair itself later.

So why hadn’t the get Healthy again quest fired off? Oh right need max mana, which will take some more time yet. That also means, as much as I‘d like to figure out how damage resistance skills work, it can wait until after that damn quest is completed.

+330 XP, Quest Supply and Demand Completed!
You have automatically gained the ‘Basic Economics’ specialty for Basic Academics
+330 XP, Quest Get Healthy Again Completed!
For testing the limits of your endurance and vitality, you have gained 1 CON

Some study, and power-nap stamina expenditure abuse, and finally some brief actual sleep, and I maxed out my bars and finish that damn healthy quest. Then I managed to finish off training that extra CON point, expending back off what I had recovered. I also kept adding more golem snakes to my collection as my MP allowed me to.

Problem was doing all that took my entire morning. It was check-out time and I could not afford to spend another night here and still have enough left over for a cross country bus ticket, let alone how much hiring some guy to pretend to be my parent might cost. Unless I try to knock over another drug house or steal a bunch of stuff to pawn, either way, it puts trying to gain and train up whatever the damage resistance skills my power hinted at further off.

****​

Your Thievery skill has increased by 1

I believe thievery was showing the telltale signs of slowing down. I could only tell by snagging a few things at a time, per store, and tracking progress. I realized I could steal a crap load of stuff, far more than what was needed for a level up, but hit an even level because the specialty weirdness halts progress at 0.00% on the next level. I’m losing chances and making it harder to gain specialties in it with each increase, but I have no idea what else might qualify. How long is mere shoplifting going to be enough to maintain my skill XP progress?

I added plenty of games to gaming handheld I got from the safe, between that and reading textbooks I’d have something to do on the road trip. I also pilfered an excessive amount of software. At first it was just an experiment, but Data Interface is ever the more awesome.

My interface is some kind of computer like things. That’s what video games are after all, so I guess it makes sense. With Data Interface I can pull software right off the DVDs, even movies and music and such. I did have to take them out of their boxes and cases though, but software weighs nothing, and I once I copied everything, I tossed all the physical media into some dudes truck who had left his windows open. So happy birthday, or merry Christmas, or whatever to you dude.

I can now learn all kinds of stuff right from my interface screens, no computer needed. Accessing the internet directly from my interface is still a problem, and I have not quite figured out how to get around that limitation yet. So that means some of the software that had internet DRM or other internet access required bullshit is not working at the moment, until I look up how to hack around that. As cool as it is, it doesn’t make much sense, but since when did powers make sense? Items in my inventory are in some kind of time stasis, but the physical media that software is on, given the ability to actually copy off disks and USB sticks and such, isn’t? How is it getting power to do that? Well, running Data Interface does cost me 1 MP per minute to use, is it converting it into electricity somehow or something?

Note to self: Download all those Textbooks and science course and articles and such onto disks and upload to interface.

And considering other weird shit, as I got off train again near the day labor area…

Your Disguise skill has increased by 1
Your Disguise skill has increased by 1

Once I confirmed the fashion magazines I had swiped on a lark after noticing skill gain from bored browsing no longer gave me any skill, I tossed them. I seemed to have gained a bit of Artistry too of all things. Now why would those add to my disguise skill? I guess clothes are part of disguise, but I figured make-up, wigs, false teeth, colored contacts and stuff like that was what I would going to have to mess with.

Another note to self: steal some wigs and disguise related stuff.

Your Speech skill has increased by 1
You have unlocked the Alluring Charm feature for Speech
For cultivating your social demeanor and engaging others you have gained 1 CHA

I had hoped to run into Miguel. The others said he had been there this morning but had taken a job. Since I had managed to get the best rapport and relationship with him according to my sheet, still just acquaintance though, I wanted see how amenable he would be to helping me buy the bus ticket. He’d likely be back by the evening, so I waited and chatted, and waited and chatted some more, for well over two hours.

It was late afternoon by then, so day jobs were drying up and a lot of people were leaving. Then a dirty white beat up truck rolled up, and the two guys inside started talking to some of the Hispanic laborers. Vibes hit me, bad vibes. I moved closer to get a better look at the driver and passenger. Their overhead tags already had ‘/Thug’ as a secondary class next to their mundane jobs. “Observe, Observe”.

I didn’t like what I saw. They were members of the ‘Minute-Men’, self-appointed civilian border guard and enforcement vigilantes who really only ended up harassing and beating those they suspected of being illegals, refugees, or whatever they considered undesirable job-takers. Over the last few years the group devolved into a gang subservient to the villain led Secessionists.

Fuck, as I moved closer to the truck some of the men were already getting into the truck bed. What can I even do here? I’m not in costume, and nothing has even happened yet. “FRAPS on”.

I’m not a mover. I can’t follow a truck. Can I? I pulled up my inventory and slipped my hand into the side of my pants as I moved the interface screen into position to bisect my leg. I tapped a golem and felt it draw out down my pant leg. As I got up behind and to the side of the truck, I released the snake from my trousers at shoe level, though I had to briefly swap cameras to get it to target the underside of the truck to follow.

“We have enough no more, get back with the others.” The driver shouted at me as he stared at me in his side mirror. I had a hand on the tailgate, as I swapped me camera back to normal mode. The golem wrapped itself around the underside of the truck with follow instructions. I guess that worked.

“Seems bad, ya’ll be careful.” I said in Spanish to the five men that were in the pickup bed. I don’t know if they heard me as the truck sped off about then. I half-jogged cutting through parked cars in the parking lot toward the exit, as the truck weaved around to get there. My Golem sense giving me an indication of the direction it was in, although I could still see the truck anyways.

I caught up when it stopped to wait for traffic before it could turn out of the parking lot into the street, so I activated Good Pacing and took off at a jog down the sidewalk in the direction the truck’s blinker indicated.

Who was I kidding? It didn’t take long for it to go past me, and while an upcoming red light let me make up a little bit of time, the truck soon sped beyond my sight. I didn’t have enough speed. My AGI is too low, something I need to fix pronto. My Golem sense still told me were to go though, for now at least, what happens if it gets out of range?

Someone blared a horn at me as I dangerous cut across the road. I could still sense the direction even if I couldn’t see the truck anymore, so I just kept going, hoping I could catch up before my connection was lost. Last time I had even tried to figure how long my range was I had guessed it at about a quarter mile, but that was at a low level, and I was pretty sure they were more than a quarter mile from me by now. I at least had the advantage of cutting across barking lots and sidewalks and buildings as I went. No stop lights hindered me, and I lost count of how often I jaywalked-ran across the streets.

If the range at which I could sense my golems was increased with higher level why wasn’t it listed in the skill info? Oh well, don’t have to even look right now. I could really use a mini-map. Maybe I could download the whole map database put it into an interface window? That’s something to consider for later.

About forty minutes of hard jogging later, (I couldn’t sprint had too much crap in inventory) my mental Golem connection sense went from ‘it’s in this direction’ to ‘it’s in this direction and I can give it commands’, so they must have stopped. Still couldn’t see them though.

A few more minutes later I slowed down, in a dilapidated industrial part of town. From enhanced volumes I could hear shouting and screaming from up ahead. I ducked into an alley near the dirty train yard, caught my breath, checked my stealth, applied my face paint and swapped into my costume before sneaking up to the scene.

Well I was definitely too late, but at least the five day laborers were still alive, even if they were laying on the ground, bruised and beaten. Observe indicated three were unconscious, one was pretending to be, and the fifth was still moving. Eight men, levels 12 to 16 stood around them throwing racial slurs while drinking beer, armed with bats and clubs. The dirty white truck was off to the side as well as a larger blue one. There were fucking coolers and a damn barrel campfire and lawn chairs out, some of these fuckers were waiting for them to show up. I went into free camera mode to get a closer inspection of the scene.

I order the snake that was under the truck to crawl up into the engine and attack it. Don’t know how well that will work out but I sent one off to do the same to the blue truck.

Even if half these guys did look like they were middle-aged beer-bellied armchair warriors, I didn’t like 8 to 1 odds. I got my golems ready, then I took out my phone primed it for 911, then duh, abort that, put my phone back and took out Fredrico’s phone and called them with it instead.

“911, what’s your emergency”

“Eight gangers beat up five day laborers around Milby and McKinney Street, in some occluded park area near a train yard. They’re gonna need medical attention.”

“Are you currently safe?”

“The eight dudes are still there, armed with bats and clubs, yelling something like that sounds like ‘dey terk er jerbs’”

“We have units en-route, move away to a safe area. I need your name and—“

“HEY!”

“Oh shit, I’ve been spotted…” I threw the phone into my inventory. I looked across the patch of ground at one of the rednecks who has apparently wandered over to wiz on a chunk of broken concrete.

Well I was in costume. I faced the guy and undid the belt of my pimpin’ fur-lined trench coat. “Fear my snakes! All of them!” I thrust open my trench coat and all 27 remaining golem snakes that I had on me poured out of my inventory. “All subdue Roy Cranston”.

Roy backpedaled but lost the grip on his undone pants as some of the snakes neared him. Once he tripped on his own pants, he got swarmed. I pulled out my bat and run up beside him as he struggled. I considered knocking him out with it, but he was already down. I picked his pockets and pulled out the duct tape, and bound his mouth and hands, and ordered some of the snakes off.

-2 HP (3 Deflected)

My head rang as an empty beer bottle smashed into it and shattered. “A fucking cape has Roy!” someone screamed.

I looked up and spotted the assailant. Shit, it wasn’t supposed to happen like this, and duct tape takes too fucking long to use. “All subdue Bubba Buckworth.” And fuck, Roy, suddenly freed, stood up and tried to run.

-15 HP

I clipped Roy in the side of the leg with my bat and he went down again, but wasn’t out. “Golem 3 subdue Roy Cranston.” Fuck I ran back behind some cover.

I couldn’t risk making myself vulnerable by scrying. I needed to remember the names. “Golem 4,5,6 subdue Arnie Beechum, Golem 7, 8, 9 subdue Hank Bluff, Golem 10,11,12 subdue Jeff Fox, Golem 13, 14, 15 subdue Larry Roper…” shit what were the other names?

The way clear for the moment I ran over to Roy and kicked him in the head twice then he stopped moving.

-16 HP
-12 HP

“Golem 3 guard me”

I moved forward enough to get a better view. Bubba was definitely down, the majority of the snakes having swarmed him. So were Hank and Jeff. Larry and Arnie were still awkwardly running off, snakes wrapped around some of their arms and legs. A couple more kicks and punches to Bubba and he moved less but wasn’t out of it.

“Golem 16, 17, 18 subdue Arnie Beechum, Golems 19, 20, 21 subdue Darryl Weathers, Golems 22, 23, 24 subdue Larry Roper” I ordered as I robbed Bubba of everything he had on him, occasionally punching him as the two remaining snakes bound his arms and legs.

-10 HP (5 Deflected)

Bubba managed to head-butt me in the stomach, so I kneed him in the face.

-27 HP (Critical hit)

Thank god I had knee pads on, I heard a crack and blood and a few teeth went flying, and Bubba stopped struggling. I heard and saw the white truck fail to start. The blue one started with a horrible crunching sound, drove off about twenty something feet and came to a stop. Notifications were firing off but I didn’t have time to look at them.

Maybe I could win this on my own after all. I ducted taped up Bubba wrists behind his back and sent a couple more Golems after the last fucker. “Golem 3, 25, 26 subdue Jim Meadows”. I picked Hank, Jeff and Arnie’s pockets, but Larry had escaped. Golem shards were about, so they weren’t as strong as I had hoped. It seemed Darryl and Jim was holed up in each of the disabled trucks, my snakes constantly ramming on the window glass.

What the fuck am I doing? Five guys I wanted to help are hurt and I’m looting the bad guys. I went to look for them, and nearly got my head smashed by a pipe.

“Hey! I’m here to help.” I shouted in Spanish at the day laborer who had been feigning consciousness earlier. He had moved the others, some of whom had been woken up by now. We were interrupted though by the sounds of sirens and followed shortly afterward by two shotgun blasts.

“Let’s get out of here” I heard some of the laborers shout, and I was inclined to agree. I wasn’t interested in engaging with the police. I moved toward the alley I had changed in only to see Larry holding a pump shotgun and a knife freeing some of his friends from my now broken snakes. I jumped behind a piece of broken concrete wall just as he dropped the knife and leveled the shotgun at me.

-24 HP (6 Deflected)

“Fuck!” I cursed as some of the buckshot raked my leg where I hadn’t gotten behind the wall in time.

“All attack Larry Roper!” The gun was the real danger, and he was trying to go lethal, so I pulled my Hatchet out of my inventory. Another shotgun blast went off, not aimed at me thankfully. A quick third person camera swap let me see him blasting apart some more of my golems. I switched back and ran for some more distant cover. He shot at me again but missed.

I ran around the corner and ran right into two cops.

“Drop it now! Get on the Ground!” They both yelled, conflicting each other.

I tossed my Hatchet aside, and held my hands up. “Fuck, I’m the one that called you guys.”

“On your knees now!”

I wasn’t interested in getting shot at again, so I lowered myself down. Texas cops were no joke and didn’t give a shit if you were a cape or not, much like many of the gun-toting residents. Another shotgun blast roared and two cops ran past me while one pushed my face in the dirt and cuffed my hands behind my back.

They cops went toward the gunshots and I heard more yelling, and multiple gunshots. I whispered “all stop, all follow me.”

“Stay down and don’t move” the shaved-headed cop yelled at me. He looked vaguely familiar. Yeah fuck that, as soon as he turned to help his fellow I stealthed and moved away. I didn’t want to get caught in the cross fire.

My attempt to scurry away was short lived. Shortly after the gun fire stopped someone grabbed me from behind.

“Where the fuck you think you’re going? Fucking cape aren’t you?” Another cop pulled me up and shoved me in the back of a squad car, shut and locked the door. Well fuck. “All stop. All go to way point A” A quick glance at my HUD showed several unread notifications. Wasn’t even sure how many of my Golems were still alive.

The cop that shoved me in here didn’t stick around as I watched him head back toward the others. Then suddenly all the lights which had been flashing, all the radio chatter, and the car engines just shut off at once. What the hell was going on?

“We got more capes on scene! Call in the PRT! Radios are dead!” several different voices shouted.

A loud crash and I saw a big hunk of concrete smash into one of the front of one of the squad cars. I looked at where it came from and saw <Michael Rooker/Granite, Sculptor/Villian, Lvl ??> floating over a walking statue. He’s a sculptor, really? “Observe.” Granite was shirtless and wearing only large sweatpants and a simple domino mask. The cops were shooting at him at it was doing fuck all.

“Where’s the cape that attacked my fucking people?” I heard a loud voice yell. Then I saw a giant lightning bolt arc across the ground and explode another squad car. Fuck this noise. “Inventory, handcuffs”

The cops were falling back, and I couldn’t open the fucking locks on the rear doors, and the front seats were partitioned off! I caught a glimpse of the other cape wearing a blue rubber raincoat and a wlder’s mask. <Dillon Maxwell/Sparky (Arc), Villian, Lvl ???> Three question marks? Holy fuck. “Observe” I didn’t even have time to read anything as a second squad car got hit with a bolt of lightning. Mine was the only one left now.

I pulled the sculpture hammer out of my inventory. “Power Strike” and shattered the squad car door window, and dove through onto the ground. The air smelled like ozone, my hair stood on end and the squad car I just jumped from exploded in another shower of sparks and thunderous boom.

-40 HP (0 Resisted)

I stumbled at the near miss, got up and ran through the ruined concrete park and across the street.

“There you are you little shit.” I heard Sparky shout.

“All attack Sparky” I yelled the order to my Golems and fucking ran harder. I dove for cover again and losing my hammer when I felt a tingle in the air.

“MY NAME IS ARC YOU ASSHOLE!”

-150 HP (0 Resisted)

BOOM! My ears rang. “Oh bejeezus holy fuckity-fuck” That wasn’t even a hit, just being near where it struck. I ran, no I sprinted as fast as I could. There must be several seconds of minimum wait time between those blasts or I’d be fried already.

“Get these fucking snakes off me!” I heard Sparky shouting as I ran down the street and cut through an apartment complex courtyard. I occasionally glanced back and the flash of lighting and boom of thunderclaps. My hearing would probably have been fucked if I didn’t have decibel control. At least Sparky didn’t seem to be able to fly. A transformer blew up and all the light in the apartment complex went out. Not that it mattered because it was still fucking day time, but barely.

I tried to find a place to hide and stealth but there were still several eyes and camera on me. Fucking cell phones. There were zero cameras just earlier. Another tingle went through the air and suddenly the electric eyes count dropped to zero again. Human eyes count had not really changed. I just kept running until I finally found a sewer embankment, went down it, ran into culvert storm drain under a bridge, and stopped to catch my breath.

No more eyes on me. I activated stealth and risked a swap to free camera mode to get a bird’s eye view of what was going on. As my camera ascended I saw Exalt flying past in his white starburst themed costume, as well as Olympus flying on some kind of small VTOL craft that looked like a flying chariot in his gold and white Greco-Roman themed toga and iconic Greek theater mask.

<Travis Milton/Olympus, Protectorate member/Hero , Lvl ??> “Observe, observe, observe”.

Shit how many levels did Sparky have the last time I ran into them? Was Rappel there? I didn’t see him. And where the hell is Eidolon when you need him? I seemed reasonably safe for the moment, so I inventory swapped back into my civvies, except I still had the face paint on. Shit of all the things I forget to put in my inventory? I fucking towel would have been useful. Note to self: put towel in inventory.

Um, “inventory face-paint?” Wait that actually worked? It turned it into an icon labeled ‘filthy paint goop.’

My body hurt all over, and the adrenaline was wearing off. The pain was lessened though by a rush of elation, and I saw my health and mana jump up a bit. Not time to check though, as I cautiously climbed back out of the culvert and back up onto the street, while keeping my eye on my observation indicators.

I found another fast food place and went into its restroom. I looked like total shit, my leg stung, and my skin felt hot and dried out. A look in the mirror and it seemed like parts of me had an accident with the tanning salon.

A re-observe of my costume showed it was badly singed. The one white fur trim was all blacked at the ends sticking up, and fray to hell. It looked more hairy than pimpin’ now. Well’ I’d have to get another one now. surprisingly there wasn’t blood stains. Where was the blood? I felt myself bleeding form those shotgun pellets, and I saw it in my pants and coat. Did I really bleed voxels now like Avatar said? The holes in both my coat and pants were still there for sure.

The pellets were also still in my fucking leg according to status effects. I stripped in the stall, there were several red circular welts and bumps all down the backside of my left leg. A couple of them were close enough to the surface that I popped them out with a squeeze and a grunt of pain. The others though…

Hmm, “Inventory shotgun pellets”

-4 HP

“Ow! Ow! Ow! Motherfucker—“ Damn. At least that actually worked. Did I need to do first aid still? Or had that become obsolete. My leg still looked like raw hamburger, and the welts I had just magically emptied were bleeding now, but only lightly and there was no status effect.

I decided to patch myself up anyway, for appearances sake at the minimum, and clean the blood up with the toilet paper. After a few minutes, the blood stains literally disappeared, they just faded away wherever it wasn’t right next to the wounds. The bruises and (now patched up) hamburger appearance was still there though, or was there underneath the bandages.

I finished cleaning up, went back into the restaurant area, ordered some food and sat down.

“Notifications”

+77 XP for defeating Roy Cranston
For performing a repeated action you may gain the ‘Physical Damage Resistance’ skill. Y/N?
+88 XP for defeating Bubba Buckworth
+55 XP for defeating Hank Bluff
+55 XP for defeating Jeff Fox
You may gain the ‘Pickpocketing’ specialty for Thievery
+110 XP for defeating Larry Roper
For performing a repeated action you may gain the ‘Electrical Damage Resistance’ skill Y/N?
Your Strategy skill has increased by 1
Your Stealth skill has increased by 1
+385 XP for evading cops, gang, villains, and Protectorate
You have gained a level! You are now level 15

I ignored all the messages about my lost golems and took note of the good stuff. Two awesome resistance skills and a specialty? I hit yes, yes, and yes; and sweet, another level, that must have been the source of that elation I felt earlier.

    Damage Resistance (Electrical) (CON) (Passive): Lvl 1 (0.00%)
    Your Avatar state adapts itself to resist ever increasing amounts of electrical damage allowing you to withstand greater amount so current over time with as skill level increases. Requires Avatar feature of Gamer’s Body.

    Specialties: NA
    Features unlocked: None

    Damage Resistance (Physical) (CON) (Passive): Lvl 1 (0.00%)
    Your Avatar state alters itself to resist increasing amounts of kinetic damage received from objects and blows. This allows you to absorb a greater amount of impact pressure as skill level increases. Requires Avatar feature of Gamer’s Body.

    Specialties: NA
    Features unlocked: None



I had another perk available to me also, though I was hoping to reach 10 in AGI before picking one. I suppose I still can if I wait. I went through the wallets of the men I had pickpockets while they were bound, and got an additional 120 dollars plus change. Maybe I could go back to the hotel again, or try using some of these credit cards. Don’t know if I want to keep doing that though, it seems potentially more risky, and I don’t know if any of those guys managed to get arrested or not; probably not if those capes saved them while the police were retreating. I should keep an eye on the news, or check PHO.

Fuck though, that was out of my league. My body was still wracked with pain even with 50% reduction, so I popped another pill. I just wanted to help those guys, and I may have fucked that up. My stealth isn’t as powerful as I hoped; guess I’m not invisible, though I doubted I was when it was active anyway. I had still always cast shadows when stealthed so light was still hitting me.

The police though fucking tried to arrest me? Fuck them, they almost got me killed leaving me in there. I called them in. I didn’t know capes would be there. How did that happen? Did one of those guys call in support while running from the snakes? I haven’t paid near enough attention to the local cape scene or gang scene to have messed with this shit, not that I was trying to I just wanted to stop those guys from getting beat up or killed, I couldn’t even stop them from .getting beat up, but hopefully they all got away.

My Hatchet’s gone. My hammer’s gone. Oh yeah, I guess holding a hatchet when I run into police with guns drawn looks kinda bad. All the golems gone, only got about 11 lbs. of clay left. I just need to get out of the city, especially if that Sparky dude is hunting me. How the hell did things go so pear-shaped? Is my LUC low? Do I need more of it? That damn stat still doesn’t make much sense, despite everything I tried to learn about it. I still got away though, does that count as good luck? Was the encounter bad luck? I didn’t even have a quest for it I just did it on my own because I thought I could help.

A lot of XP from it though, 770 XP for that whole encounter. Damn, that better than the majority of my quests, only have to risk my life for it. Clearly with that kind of incentive my power wants me to get into fights doesn’t it? Shit is that what all those Conflict-Seeking status effects I see on capes are causing? Making capes go out and fight? To what end? “Status Effects” I don’t see such a status effect listed on myself. A notification popped up.

Your Parahuman Lore skill has increased by 1

Oh god damn, I hate it when my power does that. It’s just fucking taunting me with that shit. No clear definite yep your conclusions are right, or no they are wrong, unless that is what that is supposed to mean. Okay so assuming it is true, then all capes are actually driven to seek conflict, the question then become why? Can I trust the fact that I don’t have that status effect on me, mean that it isn’t affecting me or is it just hidden from me? But why hide it for myself and show it for the others?

I reviewed all my FRAPS Observes and even my Parahuman database. Yep, Julia, Exalt, Dispatch, Granite, Sparky, and Olympus all have them. Is it consistent? I’ll have to Observe more Parahumans to find out, preferably without getting into a fight. When is the next PR event?

Well can’t do anything about it now. I finished up my meal, greatly for the bump in HP that it brought me, and made my way back to the rail to go to the day labor waiting place. Maybe if I’m lucky I could catch Miguel there again. If I’m lucky huh? As Good of a test as any I guess, but if I don’t see any concrete useful result out of it…

I pumped four stat points into LUC.

+330 XP, Quest Supply and Demand Completed!
You have automatically gained the ‘Basic Economics’ specialty for Basic Academics
+330 XP, Quest Get Healthy Again Completed!
For testing the limits of your endurance and vitality, you have gained 1 CON
Your Thievery skill has increased by 1
Your Disguise skill has increased by 1
Your Disguise skill has increased by 1
Your Speech skill has increased by 1
You have unlocked the Alluring Charm feature for Speech
For cultivating your social demeanor and engaging others you have gained 1 CHA
+77 XP for defeating Roy Cranston
For performing a repeated action you may gain the ‘Physical Damage Resistance’ skill
+88 XP for defeating Bubba Buckworth
+55 XP for defeating Hank Bluff
+55 XP for defeating Jeff Fox
You may gain the ‘Pickpocketing’ specialty for Thievery
+110 XP for defeating Larry Roper
For performing a repeated action you may gain the ‘Electrical Damage Resistance’ skill
Your Strategy skill has increased by 1
Your Stealth skill has increased by 1
+385 XP for evading cops, gang, villains, and Protectorate
You have gained a level! You are now level 15
Your Parahuman Lore skill has increased by 1

Name: Simon Clarence Anderson
Gender: Male
Age: 15
Race: Human (Parahuman)
Class: Teenage Runaway / Thief
Faction: None
Money: $501.36
Title: Gentleman Thief
Level: 15 (0.75%)
XP: 19621

Primary Attributes
STR: 11 (+0.00) 11.00 (8.46%)
AGI: 7 (+0.00) 7.00 (59.55%)
CON: 18 (+0.00) 18.00 (69.75%)
INT: 22 (+0.00) 22.00 (60.25%)
PER: 12 (+0.00) 12.00 (0.00%)
WIS: 22 (+0.00) 22.00 (7.13%)
CHA: 13 (+0.00) 13.00 (2.08%)
LUC: 15 (+0.00) 15.00 (0.00%)
Unspent Points: 42

Secondary Attributes
Health Pool: 344/560
Stamina Pool: 320/437
Mana Pool: 939/4125
Stress Pool: 440/440

Attack: 10.50
Speed: 2.73
Dodge: 12.21
Armor: 0.40
Carry: 110.00
Allure: 3 (+0.50) 3.5

Status Effects
Teenage Acne: ALU -0.50
Alluring Charm*: ALU +1.00


Skills
Max Slots: 47
Free Skill Slots: 9
Artistry: 10 (79.96%)
Athletics: 11 (73.55%)
Basic Academics: 9 (0.00%)
Computers: 10 (0.00%)
Crafting (Stone & Pottery): 10 (0.00%)
Create Mana Golem: 11 (53.57%)
Damage Resistance (Electrical): 1 (0.00%)
Damage Resistence (Physical): 1 (0.00%)
Disease Resistance: 6 (52.60%)
Disguise: 3 (0.00%)
Drug & Poison Resistance: 10 (82.76%)
Empathy: 10 (22.66%)
Firearms: 1 (0.00%)
Gamer’s Body: MAX (0.00%)
Gamer’s Interface: MAX (0.00%)
Gamer’s Mind: MAX (0.00%)
Language-English: MAX (0.00%)
Language-Spanish: MAX (0.00%)
Lockpicking: 11 (2.55%)
Mathematics: 4 (0.00%)
Medicine: 2 (75.43%)
Meditation: 11 (63.01%)
Melee Weapons: 3 (1.56%)
Null Resistance: 3 (13.69%)
Observe: 15 (83.37%)
Parahuman Lore: 7 (1.45%)
Power Strike: 6 (54.80%)
Programming: 10 (0.54%)
Psychology: 5 (0.00%)
Science (Biology): 1 (53.22%)
Science (Earth): 1 (0.00%)
Speech: 10 (4.54%)
Stealth: 12 (0.76%)
Strategy: 4 (0.00%)
Thievery: 9 (0.00%)
Unarmed Combat: 4 (2.34%)
Vehicle Operations: 3 (0.00%)
Video Games: 26 (13.96%)
Unspent Skill Points: 6

Perks
Free Perk Slots: 1
Gaia's Blessing: Mana Pool and Mana Skill access
Gaia's Attunement: Elemental Affinity access
Light Sleeper: Need only 5 hours to get fully rested
Mana Reserve: Bonus MP per level increased by 25%
XP Whore: +10% Level XP

Flaws
Selective Amnesia: We had to make room for stuff in your head
A Bit of a Troll: Sometimes you just can't help yourself
Unnatural Curiosity: Can't always resist the urge to find stuff out

Cheaty Powers
Invisible Light Source: White on White Interface Theme
Language Comprehension: Multi-lingual subtitles
Limited Remote Viewing: Free & Third Person Camera Modes
Limited Microscopic View: Free Camera Zoom In
Distracting Sound: Profanity filter
See in Darkness: Contrast, Brightness & Gamma Correction
Super Hearing: Selective volume controls
Audio Filtering: Selective channel muting
Sound Protection: Built in decibel control
Personal Jukebox: Broadcast Music library
FRAPS: Record and playback from Camera POV
Cape Detection: From Observe & Overhead Tags
Media Access: From inventory w/ Data-interface & Wi-fi signal
Temporal Stasis Effect: From inventory
Quick Change/Equip: From inventory-avatar drag-drop
Observation detection: From stealth - detecting & electonic eye interface
Vague Pre-Cog & Peri-Cog: From Quests & Quest notifications
Polyphasic Sleep: Fatigue point pool abuse & Light Sleeper
