Stage 3: Timed Mission Arc 4.0

Friday Feb 26th, 2010

“MUCKLE DAMRED SPACE-WHALES…” Huh? What the hell was that? A dream? Head feels foggy, weird feeling of déjà vu, everything is moving slow. I’m still on the table. Was I unconscious? Fuck inventory window is closed, open it and turn fraps back on. Oh my god what the hell is that?

Some weird helical, transparent, spiraling…thing…is swirling over Chela’s head, tendrils reaching into it, and then it fades away in an instant. There is a shimmering blue oval of pulsing light in front of Chela, who is still struggling against the chain, hand holding the axe still outstretched. She makes some motion and another oval identical to the first, except orange in color, appears several feet away, next to the rope Jack wants her to cut. Another motion by Chela, and the ovals become hollow and she… steps through them. She just steps into one, and steps out the other several feet away. The chain coming off the post just leads into the blue oval, and then nothing, and then it’s coming out of the orange oval. A flash of light and both ovals collapse into a cloud of two-dimensional triangles, accompanied by a reverberating tinkling and shattering sound which fades as the triangles evaporate into nothingness as they drift away from the oval’s centers. The chain, which has been sheared cleanly in half, falls downwards, ringing several times off the metal post it was connected to as it strikes it and bounces.

Chela is standing there, by the rope, the other half of the chain dangling off her shackled wrist, axe held over head ready to swing downwards, but she doesn’t right away. Her mother is struggling, still gagged and now slowly strangling as Jack said she would. Jack is lying flat out; face down on the ground, the Siberian looks up then began rushing towards him. “Observe, Observe, Observe”, I target Jack, Siberian and Chela, dismiss, file it away for later. Are things actually happening slowly or does it just seem like it? This feels fucking weird.

<”CUT THE ROPE!”> Ruben screams at Chela.

He’s still holding his legs up. She turns and looks at him, makes a gesture, the blue oval appears below him, horizontally on its side. Another gesture, the orange one appears near her mother, also on its side. A third gesture and she swings the axe at the rope severing it, both of them fall to the ground simultaneously, her father falling straight through the blue oval and coming out the orange one away from the fire. Orange flames from the bonfire cut off in mid-air as they flicker through the underside of the blue portal and appear above the orange portal he just fell through. Chela runs over to where her parents have fallen, drops the axe and starts pulling the noose off her mother.

“Man, what a rush!” Jack says as he shakes his head and sits up. “Well, looks like I mistimed that, but it seems we have a winner!” Jack unsteadily gets to his feet, but cautiously moves backward “Hope the rest of you got far enough away first.”

“The worms… oh God, not ag… huh? My head hurts. Why am I on the ground?” I hear Mimi ask, confusion in her voice.

“Mimi was standing too close” Bonesaw yells, “But I’m okay.” I hit both of them with Observe again and dismiss, notifications are piling up, but I need to act fast, can’t get distracted by anything.

“I’m fine. Can we get this over with now? I’m cold and want to go back inside where it’s warm.” Shatterbird yells from above.

“Well, it is a bit nippy out, but you only have yourself to blame for not wearing something suited for cold weather.” Jack casually remarks looking up at Shatterbird. I work to reposition my inventory screen once again to get off this damn table. Jack looks to Chela again, “You know I’m proud, what’s your name again? Eh, doesn’t matter. You actually saved them, both of them. Good for you.” The Siberian clamps a hand down on Jack’s shoulder, and they flicker. “Not that it did any good…”

Chela ducks suddenly as a slash coming from nowhere scrapes across the side of the potable water truck, the brick wall of the building behind the lot we are in, Rubén’s arm and Carmen’s neck. Chela screams as her mother starts bleeding out.

“Inventory surgical table” suddenly freed, I fall to the ground as the still lit bonfire suddenly flares giving off a blast of heat, flames, and blinding light. Blinded, I swap to third person view and awkwardly run over to where Chela and her parents are, while the other members of the nine are shielding their eyes. Several more notifications fire off but I ignore them.

“That wasn’t me!” I hear Burnscar yell.

-6 HP [Electrical Damage] (6 Resisted)

“Ow, Fuck!” Bonesaw’s scanner zaps me again so I de-equip it. <”Move back, back! Chela, focus can you get us out of here? Make another one of those gate things…”> We move back only a few feet toward the brick wall, Rubén and Chela are crying, she makes a gesture again. The reverberating tinkling signals the collapse of the other portals. I look back and see Shatterbirds’ giant glass spike hurtling toward us.

A large solid blue oval appears at a slanted angle above and in front of us, just in time to shield us from the spike impacting it and shattering into hundreds of pieces. More impacts sound as I see Jack slashing wildly in our direction.

“Whoa, was that a double whammy?” Jack shouts above the roar of the fire, and ceases slashing at the air. “We haven’t had one of those in a long while.”

I change back to normal camera mode. I don’t need observe or to see my notifications to tell that Carmen is gone. Chela is a sobbing wreck. <”Rubén, she is Parahuman, she makes gates, we need her to use that to get us out of here. Chela, you hear me? Can you do that?”>

<”Chela, listen to the boy!”> Rubén yells but she is still unresponsive, staring into the distance peeking around the edge of the portal.

Is there some time delay component? Does she need more time? “What’s the matter Jack! Gonna do the same old shit again aren’t ya? It takes all y’all to take on two teenagers? Not very sporting, of course you always do cheat don’t ya?”

“Oh. Does the boy think he has something better in mind? Do tell.”

They’re being cautious again, why? A glance at my mini map shows that I’m not the only one stalling. Burnscar and Shatterbird are both moving to the flanks. I grab and inventory several glass shards that start creeping around the edge of the oval. The oval is flat, not a curved surface so we are still exposed on the sides.

<”GO THROUGH NOW!”> Chela screams diving though the portal as soon as the oval opens and I suddenly see the surface of a flat rooftop on the other side.

I roll through as well, pulling Rubén along by the arm. We’re propelled by heat and air several more feet forward. Flames and hot glass shoot out of the portal, burning myself and Rubén, as we roll on the roof.

-10 HP [Fire Damage] (6 Resisted)
-8 HP [Concussive Damage]

Chela is untouched by the, explosion? She immediately dodged to the side of the portal opening after going through. Oh fuck I’m on fire again. With a gesture and a shattering of triangles, Chela dismisses the portal. Another wave of her hand and the flames still on us wink out.

I can still hear the fire and peek over the edge of the roof to see where we were just at on the ground half a block away and two or three stories down. I don’t want a repeat of what happened earlier so I start vacuuming up all the glass bits that were blasted through the portal. Fuck, maybe I shouldn’t have done that. Shatterbird and her icon suddenly turn and move toward us on my mini-map.

<”Take cover, take cover!”> Chela half-yells, half-sobs.

The fuck? I haven’t even had a chance to warn them yet. The only place we can take cover is partially under an air conditioning unit.

<”Can you get us further away again?”> Rubén asks his daughter.

Chela shakes her head. <”No, no, not yet, mama, he killed mama… She’s coming!”>

It’s cold, late at a night, and dark, with cloudy skies, but with my altered brightness settings I can see the cloud of glass following Shatterbird as she swiftly flies toward us. Rubén shoves Chela to the ground and under the vent overhangs of the AC unit. It isn’t large enough to cover all of us.

It starts raining glass. Another blue oval flashes into existence inches above our bodies and we lay flat on the roof top taking cover. It blocks the bulk of the glass storm but not all of it. I’m still in nothing but my underwear and burned socks, but I can feel myself getting cut up. Most can’t get past my resistances but some do.

-1 HP (12 resisted) x20

Rubén and Chela don’t have my resistances. Chela is much better shielded, but Rubén isn’t going to make it. I keep inventorying every single bit of glass I manage to swipe my window over but I can’t keep up.

<”Papa!”> Chela cries... holding his hand as the glass shards slice every exposed part of him.

<”Survive, survive…”> Rubén speaks as he coughs up blood lying face down on the rooftop. Chela wails as his eyes close and he goes still.

Another notification fires off, but I have to stay focused. What can I do? I have to take out Shatterbird. Where did so much of my stamina go? Fuck, I’m overloaded; I won’t be able to run.

<”Chela!” Chela!”> I shake her to get her attention. <”Can you open the other end of this portal over ShatterbIrd?”> She’s still in hysterics. <”Chela! Answer me! Now!”>

<”I have to be able to see her.”> She stammers out.

<”If you open one over her head will we fall through?”> I ask forcefully.

She winces as a glass shard finds its way to her. <”I don’t know!”>

<”Just do it then!”>

<”It’s too dark! I can’t see”>

<”That, I can fix!”> I pull a flashlight out of my inventory. I hope she doesn’t shatter the bulb, but it’s LED so maybe not. <”Look, now.”>

I poke out from under the shield and shine the flashlight at Shatterbird, she responds by trying to shred my face and arm with glass as I shine the light on her. “Inventory, glass shards.” None of them are big enough to do damage. The blue oval opens suddenly. So weird, I’m lying flat on my back on the rooftop, but I can see the top of Shatteredbird’s head though the portal. She’s suspended upside down in the air, and above her is the ground, yet I’m looking up. I even catch an inverted glimpse of the building we are on top of. No she isn’t upside down and the ground is below her. I stick my arms through the portal. “Inventory, surgical table.”

She looks up at me as the giant metal slab top table pushes itself out of my window from my hands on the other side of the portal where gravity takes over. Shatterbird screams as I hear a satisfying thunk when it lands on top of her and both of them go plummeting to the ground. The glass rain stops and I pull my arms back inside. Chela closes the portal. A second later I hear a louder crash of the table and presumably, Shatterbird, hit the ground.

<”We need to get out of here again as soon as possible.”> I yell while vacuuming up as many glass shards as I can. It will probably never be enough to deny her ammo, not unless we get away from the city. <”How long until you can make another?”>

<”Papa, papa!”> she cries.

<”Chela! How long?”>

Chela screams then moves backward. The back of Rubén’s shredded jacket starts wriggling. A bloody, weird looking bug with wires coming out of it crawls out a rip in his jacket. “Observe”

    Bonesaw’s Tracking Parasite
    Through the magic of Tinkertech !!SCIENCE!! this little bugger bugs you, literally and figuratively, to give Bonesaw the ability to know where you are via radio waves, pheromones, and other unpleasant means.
    ...
    HP: 5/5
    ...

I don’t bother reading the rest, I just grab it and squeeze until its title changes to ‘Corpse of…’ and stuff it in my inventory. That’s what’s in me. If Rubén had this in him, then Carmen, Chela, “Observe” fuck, yeah Chela has one in her too. How in the fuck do I get those out of us?

<“Chela! Portal! We need a portal!”> I yell at her again. The whole building shakes. I run to look over the side of the building. Crawler and Siberian are putting holes in the walls of the first floor. I snag an observe on Crawler and dismiss it.

“Ah, there you are! I believe you were going to make a proposal?” Jack shouts from the street level.

“Fuck you Jack!” I yell back.

“No Swearing!” Bonesaw yells, she’s currently standing next to Mannequin and hunched over Shatterbird’s still form. “He broke Shatterbird! And he stole my table! It’s all bent up now! I thought you were nice!”

Damn it, Shatterbird still has an overhead tag, means she’s still alive. I observe the three of them and dismiss.

<”Get away from the wall!”> Chela screams.

Heeding her warning I scramble backwards just as one of Burnscar’s fireballs land on it, and part of the roof I was standing on collapses. The roof near the impact is on fire, but then the flames shrink and disappear.

<”We really need a Portal!”> I yell at Chela again.

A gesture from her and a blue oval appears again, horizontally, and she jumps on top of it, sprawled out flat, and reaches her arm out. <”Hurry!”> Chela yells.

The roof starts to buckle underneath me as I run. I jump through the air and grab her arm with one hand as the building collapses underneath me. We are hanging there suspended in mid-air as we choke on the plume of dust rising up. Chela is lying on the portal, her arm dangling off the side, and I’m holding on to it. She starts slipping off the edge. Crawler and the Siberian are below me, the rest of the nine nearby. She’s already badly injured, she screams. Streaks of blood are trailing down her arm making our tenuous grip even more slippery as it dribbles over and between our hands. She can’t hold my weight. I’ll pull her down too. <”It’s not your fault. Just do whatever it takes to escape.”> I say to her as I let go.

<”Simon!”> Chela screams. I shield my head as I fall. Above me, the portal opens, then it disappears in a burst of triangles. Chela is gone. I hit the pile of rubble below me that was once a building.

-26 HP (12 Resisted)

I bounce along the rubble pile getting scraped and banged up on the way down, but only the first impact moves my HP bar.

Fuck, get up, get away, and move now... Shit, there’s Siberian, go the other way…

-48 HP (12 Resisted)
-4 HP (12 Resisted) x3

I get knocked onto my back by one of Crawler’s massive forked forelimbs, then he pins me down and squeezes, as he laughs in a deep rattling bass.

“Well, well, I caught a little mouse…” Crawler rumbles as he plays his forked tongue over a mouthful of wickedly sharp teeth. A few flecks of his spittle fly off and sizzle on the pile of scattered debris.

Crawler clearly had no difficulty seeing in the dark, not sure if Siberian could or not. The main source of light I see is coming from some lamp Mannequin is holding above Bonesaw as she works on Shatterbird who’s on the bent table I dropped. Not even much of the stars or moon is visible due to the clouds, and all the lights in this tiny town must have been broken from their earlier rampage.

“You’ve got the boy?” I hear Jack ask loudly from afar

-1 HP [Corrosive Damage] (2 Resisted)

Damn fucking acid. What the hell can I do now? Crawler lets up on the pressure but I’m still pinned. “Inventory Bonesaw’s Tracking Parasite” I subvocalize. Another notification pops-up adding to my unread list, and nothing happens, fuck. I had to have leveled earlier when Shatterbird fell; I saw my bars move up.

“Yeah…” Crawler rumbles again.

“Good, any sign of the girl?” Jack starts walking toward us.

-1 HP [Corrosive Damage] (2 Resisted)

Fuck, get my inventory ready in case he lets loose more than a drop. Please get away Chela. “Notifications,” gah, so many old ones.

[Restarting system]
[Declassification complete]
[Updates complete]

“Nah, but she’s nearby, I can smell her.”

Damn it, what the fuck do those mean… Fuck, Crawler can smell people?

[Nearby host attachment detected]
[PING request detected, preparing data exchange, isolating channel, deploying Trojan with data packet]
[Success, partial access achieved, removing PING record. Disabling CYCLE_INFO_TRANSMISSION_PROTOCOL]
[Wake host]

“Well take care of her soon enough. Riley, how’s Balluri?”

What the hell are those? That weird dream, who is ‘nearby host’, who’s host? That’s me? When I woke up after…

“She’s got a concussion, a fractured jaw, two missing teeth, a broken collarbone, and lots of nasty scrapes from hitting the ground. Good thing I augmented her or it would have been a lot worse. I’ll get her splinted up in a jiffy.”

“Mmmmhoorrrmm” Shatterbird moans…

You have unlocked the feature ‘Patch Notes’ bonus feature for Gamer’s interface.
[Isolating shard connection to new sub-host, establishing sub-network…]
[Sub-host opening data packet, adaptive hacking protocol modifications installed…]
[Sub-host modifying original protocol restrictions…]

-1 HP [Corrosive Damage] (2 Resisted)

Ow, fuck, damn it. Patch notes? What the hell do those others even mean? I can’t even think on them right now, how the fuck do I get out of this? Please don’t let one of those notifications be the quest failure…

“Don’t worry, Birdie, I’ll get you singing again in no time.” Bonesaw cheerily exclaims.

“Good, good, join us after you wrap up. Alan? Watch over Balluri, could you? Mimi, come give us some light over here.”

[Ignoring unconnected shard broadcast requests…]
[Disconnecting sub-host from original shard network…]
[Sub-host ignoring unconnected shard broadcast requests…]

Fuck, I flinch at the small fireball that suddenly lights up a pile of trashed furniture near us, illuminating the area, and me. Jack strolls over flipping an axe in his hand, my axe. The one I stole in Houston, the one I gave to David and Greg before they killed them. The one Jack used as tool in his sick game, the one Chela cut the rope with, after this sick fuck tried to get her to cut her own hand off with, before she triggered.

“Nice axe isn’t it?” Jack asks, noticing what I was looking at. “Handle’s a bit burnt, but it’s still smooth and well balanced.”

Carmen Sanchez has been removed from your relationship sheet
Saved: 0, Dead: 42, Pending: 2
Rubén Sanchez has been removed from your relationship sheet
Saved: 0, Dead: 43, Pending: 1

Dead, so many dead, I failed them all.

“You know I can’t help but notice I never left this or the other unexpected things that turned up during your escape, in our little playhouse.”

-210 HP Backstab, Critical Hit
-65 HP
+660 XP for assisting in defeat of Shatterbird
You have gained an Achievement: Assisted Parahuman defeat: Shatterbird
You have gained a level! You are now level 19.
+13 XP for killing ‘Bonesaw’s Tracking Parasite’

I gained a level from dropping Shatterbird, now caught up to the rooftop.

“You know I think I asked you earlier if the cat’s got your tongue and what could happen. You sure seemed so eager to speak up earlier too. I guess now you are, in fact… disappointing.”

Balluri Ababil has gone from stranger to annoyance
Riley Gray has gone from acquaintance to stranger
Your Empathy skill has increased by 1
Cannot inventory a living creature

That’s all of them? I didn’t fail the quest?

“Well, I guess I could say it’s been a good run, but… not really.”

“You don’t want to kill me, Jack.” I say, in as bored a manner as I can muster.

“Oh so now you talk? I wasn’t going to kill you though; I’m going to give you back to Riley.”

“You don’t want to do that either.” I say as I see Bonesaw beginning to walk toward us.

“And why wouldn’t I? After all, I only borrowed you a bit to chat with the Hispanic family, and well. They’re dead now, or close enough.”

“Cause that’s boring, Jack.” He actually looks surprised. “Isn’t that what you want? Always searching for some kind of better challenge? You’re certainly bored of doing the same old crap all the time.”

“Alright call me intrigued. I’ll admit that wasn’t the response I was expecting. But look at you, all helpless, grasping at last desperate straws to try and convince me not to just let Ned, or Riley, or the others just take you apart.”

-1 HP [Corrosive Damage] (2 Resisted) x2
-4 HP (12 Resisted) x4

“You give too many to Riley; I want more.” Crawler rumbles, squeezing me a bit tighter, and letting more specks of spittle fly.

Fuck, don’t show it on your face, stay composed. Crawler just gave you an opening. “That’s cause she’s his personal pet project, you all are really, but Riley most of all. You don’t really see her as a person in her own right. Just a tool to be manipulated and controlled, how’s it feel, Jacob, to become what you hated, to become like King?”

“What’s he saying, Uncle Jack?” Bonesaw asks, right on time.

Jacob Kellerman has gone from stranger to annoyance

“Never you mind, Riley dear.” Jack says without turning around. His smile is gone, and a hard look is in his eyes, but the rest of his features are still a well-practiced mask.

“Besides, I can’t help but notice, you’re missing a member.” I add before Jack can speak again.

“Oh does he want to join our family? We haven’t recruited in a while. But no being mean and you have to give back my stuff.” Bonesaw chirps at me.

Jack’s face finally cracks; a new sinister smile slowly forms. “Well, we have certain standards you see. We can’t recruit just anyone. I’m not sure your resume fits the bill. Oh sure, you took down a few of Riley’s toys, even did a number on Balluri. But you know what? Sure, maybe you can become a new… personal hobby… of mine.”

Your Speech skill has increased by 1
+2750 XP, ‘If you can’t beat ‘em, join ‘em!’ quest completed
For cultivating your social demeanor and engaging others you have gained 1 CHA

“WHAT!!!?” Crawler yells as he squeezes me again. “You think this pathetic worm is worth the bother?”

-1 HP [Corrosive Damage] (2 Resisted) x3
-4 HP (12 Resisted) x5

“I wasn’t finished. I’m saying I’ll let him stick around a while longer, and let him try. Never said he convinced the rest of you, so…”

Crawlers lets loose a loud bellowing laugh drowning out whatever Jack was trying to say then unpins me. I scramble backwards. The Siberian is just standing there watching, and…

“Survive this!” Crawler roars and spits a massive glob of acid at me…

“Inventory Crawler’s Acidic Spit” I say under my breath as I bring my window up as it hits me in my outstretched hands...

-112 HP [Corrosive Damage] (2 Resisted)
Your Damage Resistance (Corrosive) skill has increased by 1

“Arrgggh!” Fuck me, my arms are melting! Not enough; fuck… Inventory Crawler’s Acidic Spit. I swipe my window over my body several times.

-15 HP [Corrosive Damage] (4 Resisted) x3
-5 HP [Corrosive Damage] (4 Resisted) x5

“There now, that’s more interesting.” Jack yells over Crawlers laughter. “Let’s not be so hasty Ned. I was wondering how you did that table trick.” Jack moves away again, and the Siberian jumps over and puts a hand on Jack and Riley. “As I was saying, your resume isn’t up to par. Maybe an internship? Or a set of preliminary trials, before the real trials begin? I got it, how about both…”

I can’t believe that worked and I’m still alive, but my HP is too fucking low, Perks. There, toughness, bonus HP per level increased by 50%. Please be retroactive just like Mana Reserve was. I tap the air where the button is while Jack is talking.

“…we’ll even make it sporting, and take turns, half an hour each, that ought to last much of the night. All you have to do is survive, whatever one of us decides to throw at you…”

It’s retroactive, thank god. I watch my HP shoot up as the perk takes effect, my arms start looking less and less like sticks of vomited greasy school cafeteria pepperoni pizza.

“…but if you want to just skip to the final exams, bring us the girl. Alive is preferable, dead is just as good, but if we find her first...well.”

A notification fires off, along with the familiar ding of a quest pop-up. Fuck. Quests, my next phase in this bullshit appears. Wait a sec, did I subvocalize that?

    Timed Missions Suck (Sub-quest: This random encounter is too OP!)
    You’ve convinced Jack to keep you around for a while longer, even if it’s just to be his future project. Can you survive or convince the others? Survive the next 3.5 hours by evading, eliminating or convincing the other members of the nine not to kill or mutilate you.

    Success: 4200XP, (600 XP per half-hour, or member trial completion),
    Failure: Play time’s over.
    Current Time: 03:30:00
    Member’s Convinced/Defeated/Evaded: 1 of 8

    This quest cannot be declined.
    Click to shrink...

    Now Recruiting, Part One
    Show the Slaughterhouse Nine you’ve got what it takes. End Jack’s preliminary trials early by turning over or killing Chela.

    Success: 5000XP, increased relationship with the S9, increased relationship with Jack Slash, decreased relationship with Chela Sanchez, Now Recruiting Part Two: Taking the finals.
    Failure: Decreased relationship with the S9, decreased relationship with Jack Slash, Flaw: Wanted by the S9

    This quest cannot be declined.
    Click to shrink...

Chela? The fuck? This is bullshit.

“…you all can square off again like last time, I’ll arbitrate.” Jack says, talking to the others.

Fuck, I didn’t catch everything they’re saying, Mini-map shows I’m surrounded, where the fuck is Hatchet Face though? Shit right there, I still can’t see him on my map, he still has an incomplete tag. Where do I try to escape? Debris is on all sides, maybe try to climb up that slope.

“…oh poo, I wanted to go early. Can you guys try to keep him alive? I want to play with him again. At least don’t destroy his brain.” Riley pleads to some of the other members as five meat puppets walk up behind her.

Observe, observe, observe, observe, observe, oh thank god none of them are Chela’s parents. They don’t know I know about trackers do they?

“…well you heard the little lady...” Jack remarks.

“..nah prahm-issos… he’z gah-ing… tah pay… fahr what… he did… tah… fuck!” Shatterbird slurs through a bandaged face, then flips Mannequin off with her unslung hand.

Shit, she is up again already? Are they… they’re playing rock, paper, scissors over who gets to go at me first? Fuck me.

“..Looks like Jason’s up first.”

“OH FUCK NOT AGAIN!” I yell as notifications fire off and my HUD flickers and I scramble up the slope of debris as Hatchet Face starts running toward me with that fucking machete. I crest the top of the debris pile, and a blue oval pops into existence on its side in the air below me on the other side of the pile.

<”Simon! Jump!”> I hear Chela yell, her voice coming from somewhere within the portal.

I leap toward it.

Name: Simon Clarence Anderson
Gender: Male
Age: 15
Race: Human (Parahuman)
Class: Teenage Runaway / Rogue
Faction: None
Money: $5.16
Title: Gentleman Thief
Level: 19 (82.76%)
XP: 35462

Primary Attributes
STR: 11 (-1.00) 10.00 (60.66%)
AGI: 9 (-2.00) 7.00 (18.54%)
CON: 52 (-4.00) 48.00 (95.38%)
INT: 30 (-1.00) 29.00 (0.00%)
PER: 12 (-1.00) 11.00 (30.27%)
WIS: 22 (-1.00) 21.00 (30.73%)
CHA: 14 (+0.00) 14.00 (0.00%)
LUC: 15 (+0.00) 15.00 (64.34%)
Unspent Points: 7

Secondary Attributes
Health Pool: 772/2112
Stamina Pool: 1189/1189
Mana Pool: 6762/7125
Stress Pool: 453/520

Attack: 11.00
Speed: 2.73
Dodge: 12.76
Armor: 0.40
Carry: 100.00
Allure: 3 (+0.50) 3.5

Status Effects
Teenage Acne: ALU -0.50
Alluring Charm*: ALU +1.00
Fractured Ribs: STR -1.00 AGI -1.50 CON -3.00
Bruised Organs x4: AGI -0.50 CON -1.00
Mild Concussion: INT -1.00 PER -1.00 WIS -1.00
Infection: Bonesaw's Tracking Parasite:

Skills
Max Slots: 59
Free Skill Slots: 18
Artistry: 10 (85.89%)
Athletics: 12 (40.18%)
Basic Academics: 9 (0.00%)
Computers: 10 (11.23%)
Crafting (Stone & Pottery): 10 (5.67%)
Create Mana Golem: 12 (18.03%)
Damage Resistance (Corrosive): 2 (36.64%)
Damage Resistance (Electrical): 3 (24.35%)
Damage Resistance (Fire & Heat): 3 (42.34%)
Damage Resistance (Physical): 6 (44.98%)
Disable Device: 12 (2.45%)
Disease Resistance: 7 (36.65%)
Disguise: 4 (25.98%)
Drug & Poison Resistance: 20 (15.75%)
Empathy: 13 (0.54%)
Firearms: 1 (0.00%)
Gamer’s Body: MAX (0.00%)
Gamer’s Interface: MAX (0.00%)
Gamer’s Mind: MAX (0.00%)
Language-English: MAX (0.00%)
Language-Spanish: MAX (0.00%)
Mathematics: 4 (0.00%)
Medicine: 3 (0.00%)
Meditation: 12 (48.91%)
Melee Weapons: 4 (30.76%)
Null Resistance: 10 (74.55%)
Observe: 23 (18.96%)
Parahuman Lore: 10 (15.53%)
Power Strike: 10 (8.07%)
Programming: 10 (0.54%)
Psychology: 5 (10.45%)
Science (Biology): 1 (53.22%)
Science (Chemistry): 1 (0.00%)
Science (Earth): 1 (0.00%)
Speech: 11 (0.00%)
Stealth: 12 (38.22%)
Strategy: 5 (38.54%)
Thievery: 11 (12.42%)
Unarmed Combat: 5 (4.97%)
Vehicle Operations: 3 (0.00%)
Video Games: 26 (16.74%)
Unspent Skill Points: 6

Perks
Free Perk Slots: 0
Gaia's Blessing: Mana Pool and Mana Skill access
Gaia's Attunement: Elemental Affinity access
Light Sleeper: Need only 5 hours to get fully rested
Mana Reserve: Bonus MP per level increased by 25%
XP Whore: +10% Level XP
Fast Recovery: x4 HP and Stamina regeneration speed (Free at 50 CON)
Toughness: Bonus HP per level increased by 50%

Flaws
Selective Amnesia: We had to make room for stuff in your head
A Bit of a Troll: Sometimes you just can't help yourself
Unnatural Curiosity: Can't always resist the urge to find stuff out

Affinities
Earth: 6
Water: 1
Plant: 1
Lightning: 3
