Stage 4: Arrivals & Departures Arc 5.0

Friday, February 26th, 2010

-1 HP [Cold Damage] (4 Resisted) x40

Your Disease Resistance skill has increased by 1

-1 HP [Cold Damage] (4 Resisted) x46

Your Damage Resistance (Ice & Cold) skill has increased by 1

Gah, it’s about damn time. The cold damage stops, for now, unless a storm comes again. I still need to make a fire if it does, and get off this damn mountain. It’s still some time in the morning, still lost in the Appalachians. Don’t know where I am. It’s hard to find food in winter. Is this plant edible? Observe. No? Is this one? Observe. Ah, ha! Never thought I’d be glad for Budding Botanist quite like this. Dirt Golem 1, follow me. Now if only I could find some medical plants to help my injuries.

For performing a repeated action you may gain the ‘Survival’ skill.

Yes.

Now, I just need to find something to build a fire with, and figure out how to do it with a crippled hand and in third person camera vision.

* * * *

God damn it. This is not working. My hand hurts so much. I look up toward where the sun is. Is it noon, or sometime after noon? Sun is high in the sky. Infection is getting worse; disease resistance keeps going up though. Is there any way to heal this? It’s permanent. I set the branch and pile of bark shavings aside. Dirt Golem 1 comes back after fetching another stick and I send him out to get more.

Well, I’ve healed permanent stuff before. I fixed my eyesight a while back. Crippled wrist has a permanent -1 STR, -0.5 AGI, and -0.25 ALU. Allure is lowered? Really? That’s fucking dumb; stupid arbitrary bullshit mechanics.

I scroll though my notifications history to find when I removed my nearsightedness. I got the option when I trained a point of PER. Can’t really train stats right now, but I do have points to spend though, +1 STR.

Would you like to use this gain to downgrade the permanent status effect ‘Crushed Wrist’ instead? Y/N

Fuck yes I do.

The status effect ‘Crushed Wrist’ has been downgraded to ‘Partially Crushed Wrist’

Oh thank god that feels so much better. Still have -0.5 AGI and -0.25 ALU; +1 AGI

Would you like to use this gain to remove the permanent status effect ‘Partially Crushed Wrist’ instead? Y/N

Hell yeah. It’s gone. It even took away the negative ALU penalty. Can I do that for any effect or just permanent ones? It must be just permanent ones, or I would have been prompted to get rid of the injuries Hatchet Face gave me when I pumped my stats various times last night.

What about my missing fingers, will spending stat points magically regrow them? I’ve got -0.15 STR and -0.02 CON for a missing finger. How can my pinky represent 15% of a STR point and 2% of a CON point? That makes no sense. What if it doesn’t work? I don’t want to blow points on CON when it’s 96% of the way to another trained point increase. STR is barely trained above zero though; + 1 STR.

And nothing happened, well, except I got +1 STR, and I think my pants maybe feel a little tighter. Will I ever be able to get my fingers back?

    Don’t Pet Wild Animals
    “They’ll bite your fingers off.” At least, that’s what you’ll say when you get inevitably asked what happened to them.

    Avoid having to lie when answering that awkward question, unless you also want to answer why The Siberian bit your fingers off, by figuring out how to get some new ones.

    Time Limit: None
    Success: +100 XP, Having all 10 digits again.
    Failure: Being taunted with crass ‘pull my finger’ fart jokes. But that might happen anyway.
    Click to shrink...

Yeah, yeah, fuck you too. Well, actually, shit. What would I tell Julia, or anyone else? Meh, I’ll worry about that when I get back to a city.

Alright, back to making a fire. Wish I had a damn match.

* * * *

“Fire! Fire! I have made fire! I am the master of my environment! That took only eleven-billion hours. Take that Mother Nature! Wait. Now you decide to start snowing again? Fuck you Murphy!”

You may obtain the ‘Mountains’ specialty for Survival

Oh, that gives +1 Earth affinity? Neat, now if only I knew what having those could do. Mana is maxed out again despite blowing some on a lot of Observes. I have to devote too much attention on making the damn fire. I can make another golem have them gather pine nuts, even though having two active will put my MP regen per minute into the negatives. I want more to guard me when I find somewhere to sleep. I just need to get off this mountain without having my make-shift fire carrier go out.

* * * *

Your Observe skill has increased by 1
The status effect ‘Blinded’ has been downgraded to ‘Partially blinded’

Of course that failed. The embers in in my fire-carrier are cold. At least I’m off the mountain, never observed so much wilderness and wildlife before. Still lost in the forest but steadily heading northeast. It’s late evening, and the sun is coming down. I got a dinner of pine nuts, and edible lichen and moss. Hope making a fire the second time will be easier, still lightly snowing too.

Your Survival skill has increased by 1

No specialty? Damn mixed biomes. At least I have another fire now. I need better tools, like a knife. I’ll smash those tin cans open, toss the spoiled contents, and sanitize them with fire. Use the jagged metal as a knife. Actually, maybe I’ll wait until after my eyes have finished healing. With my luck I’ll probably slice another finger off if I try to make that in third person camera mode. I’ll settle for just smashing opening a can and making some moss soup in it.

For performing a repeated action you may gain the ‘Craft (Cooking & Brewing)’ skill.

Hmm, I always rejected that before when making dinner at the foster home. I have twenty unused skill slots still. I might as well take it now. Yes.

Taking the skill didn’t make this taste any better, it still tastes like dirt. At least I got a few HP out of it.

I can’t say I feel safe, but as far as I can tell, I’m not being chased anymore. None of the nine has yet shown up on my map. They’re all still there on my relationship sheet, except Hatchet Face and The Siberian. That means they’re all still alive. There was a lot I missed just trying to survive those monsters. I look back over their bios and power summaries that Observe and Cape Database captured. I should get this information to the right people. I scroll through my notification history as well.

[Restarting system]
[Declassification complete]
[Updates complete]
[Nearby host attachment detected]

I speculated on these before but didn’t have the time to really think about them in depth. That was when I blacked out on the table. Right when Chela triggered. She’s the nearby host that had something attach to her. A shard, at least I am fairly confident that is what is implied here.

I pull up FRAPS. Yeah it was recording the whole damn time. I fast forward through all the awful murder house shit, but then it stops when I’m on the table. No wait there are two files. The short timestamp gap between them was when I was blacked out? That was when my system was ‘restarting’.

I start up the second FRAPS playback. There it is, the weird tendrils of semi-transparent colored light coming down out of nothing, and snaking, no phasing, into Chela’s head, then disappearing. What the fuck? How did I even record that? I rewind and watch it again several times. The colored light effects looks like the displaced rainbow patterns you see when looking through a prism. Why didn’t Jack or the others comment on that? They should have noticed something. Mimi was the only that mentioned worms and then was promptly confused. She didn’t even know why she was on the ground. Well Jack said something then too, about feeling a rush, but I think that was more snark, or to cover up his mistake about being too close. He was definitely affected too though, he fainted, or was at least rendered temporarily incoherent, just like Mimi apparently was, and I definitely was.

Why did they not see or react to it though? Maybe, is it that? I go into video export mode, and toggle off the option of including all my interfaces in the export. Watching the exported clip, the worm light tendrils are gone. So it isn’t normal light. It is the same, or at least acts the same, as my interface. More like a hallucination only my mind can see, yet can somehow, if I choose, be rendered into a video because my power is so fucking weird. I look through more of my history.

[PING request detected, preparing data exchange, isolating channel, deploying Trojan with data packet]
[Success, partial access achieved, removing PING record. Disabling CYCLE_INFO_TRANSMISSION_PROTOCOL]
[Wake host]

So a ping was received, from whom? Data was exchanged, with whom? My power, sent a Trojan out with the data, why? To remove the ping record and disable whatever that protocol is. Also it seems my power or whatever these actions are, was being done while I was unconscious. I highly doubt, that whatever the hell shards are, that they are so compatible with earth computer terms for those to be a fully accurate description of what is going on. This is just my power formatting things in a way that makes sense to me isn’t it? Do the slight percentage point increases I got in Parahuman Lore, indicate that’s a yes?

There’s a possible new cheaty power. Theories and speculations about Parahumans, the source of powers, and how they work, can be determined to be accurate or close to accurate, vs. not accurate, based on whether or not they give me any percentile gains to my Parahuman Lore skill. I’ll take the extra few points making that statement got me as my own confirmation.

Parapedia, Observe, PING.

    PING_PROTOCOL (alias PING)
    A basic low-level host-restricted protocol possessed by all shards, to reach out and identity all other nearby Shards. Most often used prior to shard communication and data exchanges during HOST_PROTOCOL attachment events.

Parapedia, Observe, CYCLE_INFO_TRANSMISSION_PROTOCOL

    CYCLE_INFO_TRANSMISSION_PROTOCOL
    Error: Cannot query help description, CYCLE_INFO_TRANSMISSION_PROTOCOL missing.

The fuck? This only gives me more questions. Parapedia, Observe, HOST_PROTOCOL

    HOST_PROTOCOL
    A low-level host-restricted administration protocol possessed by all Shards approved for release. Used to form appropriate structures in sapient host species primary processing organ and allow Shard connection and attachment.

Parapedia, Observe, Shard

    SHARD
    A Shard is a non-discrete, cross-dimensional, sapient, complex, independent, multi-functional apparatus for executing protocols, managing resources, facilitating communications, interfacing with hosts, gathering data, reproduction, and numerous other functions. They are composed of other smaller shards and fragments and responsible for administrating the same.

    One or more primary, secondary, or tertiary host-accessible protocols take precedence in defining the primary functions of a Shard which is manifested as an array of one or more powers.
    Click to shrink...

That’s too many damn adjectives. It’s what, a computer? A sapient computer, like an AI or something else? I’m getting a damn headache.

You have unlocked the feature ‘Patch Notes’ bonus feature for Gamer’s interface.

This was another thing I skipped because I was too busy trying to survive. I got it from reaching level 10 in Parahuman Lore, and got it at the same time as ‘Declassified’.

    Patch Notes
    A feature part of Gamer’s Interface which allows you to examine updates applied since the system was last restarted or updated. Accessible via the ‘Patch Notes’ command.

Patch Notes.

    Build: 1.018f
    Updated vocal command interface to mental command interface.
    Upgraded existing broadcast protocol functions due to proximity and copy from primary host.
    Integrated some broadcast protocol functions into music playback feature.
    Upgraded Security features.
    Updated severity order of status effects in Observe.
    Re-synced training time for stat values against base values.
    Padded response results with default data to better handle Observe errors from hidden or missing data.
    Added auto-restart of essential protocols in case of system restart or temporary host connection loss.
    Click to shrink...

So that was when I got mental commands? The rest, good I guess? Parapedia gives me nothing on all of these. Last restarted or updated. When and how can I update? I right, I haven’t look at this in forever.

Menu.

    New Game
    Load Game
    Options
    Update
    Credits
    High Scores
    Exit

Update.

    Build: 1.018f
    Game is currently up to date.

I should remind myself to check that every day from now on.

[Isolating shard connection to new sub-host, establishing sub-network…]
[Sub-host opening data packet, adaptive hacking protocol modifications installed…]
[Sub-host modifying original protocol restrictions…]

So adaptive hacking modifies protocols. Protocols are essentially functions of shards, and expressed as powers. So it modifies powers, it’s a clear cut Trump ability. Sub-host was Chela though, right? She’s a Trump? No the data-packet came from me, from the ping. I open up Chela’s power summary info again.

    Power Summary:
    Primary 1: Portal Creation (Active), Enhanced Awareness [Spatial, Temporal, Dimensional] (Passive)
    Secondary 1: Danger Sense (Passive), Shard Sense (Passive)
    Secondary 2: Exothermic-Endothermic Pyrolysis Manipulation (Active), Exothermic-Endothermic Pyrolysis Resistance (Passive)
    Secondary 3: Adaptive Hacking Self (Active/Passive), Adaptive Self Improvement (Active)

Secondary 2 had to have come from Burnscar; Secondary 1 from Jack. I look up his power summary as well, saved from the last time I tagged him with Observe.

    Power Summary:
    Primary 1: Broadcast Communication Burst [Administrative, Controller, Shard] (Passive), Danger Sense [Exceptional, Shard] (Passive), Shard Sense (Passive), Burst Conversion [Sub-Dimensional to Kinetic] (Active)

What the fuck? He can talk to other shards? What’s that mean? Administrative, controller, is he secretly a fucking master? I get that he has to be a thinker, but… does his shard tell other shards what to do? What is burst conversion, his projected cuts? It’s the only active power.

Why is Chela’s version different? Hers says Danger Sense, and isn’t described as ‘exceptional’ or ‘shard’. Shard Sense is described identically as Jacks. I guess you have to sense them to know if there is danger coming from them. The way she described it to me, she basically has cape, no Parahuman shard radar. Does Jack have that also? Why would they need a tracker if that was true? Does Chela’s come solely from Shard Sense or is it stacked with her enhanced awareness?

And what about my own power summary? I haven’t used Observe on myself since the Beckett’s bathroom, and I didn’t have that ability then. I need a damn mirror for it, stupid Observe on a body part just tells me about that; hmmm.

I pull the cracker tin out of inventory. It’s painted black, inside and out. I fill it with snow and melt it over the fire. I can see my reflection in the water clearly after it settles. Observe.

    Power Summary:
    Primary 1: Adaptive Hacking [Exceptional, Shard] (Active/Passive), Simulation (Active/Passive), Adaptive Self Improvement [Exceptional] (Active), Interface (Active/Passive), Avatar (Active/Passive), Broadcast Communication Burst [Shallow, Restricted, Shard] (Passive)
    Primary 2: Gaia’s Blessing [Energy Source: Mana] (Active/Passive), Gaia’s Attunement [Summon: Shard, Attachment, Restricted] (Active), Symbiotic Harmony (Passive), Network Isolation (Passive), Network Creation (Active/Passive)
    Primary Exchange A: Conduit Connection Interface [Attachment, Shard] (Passive), Conduit Data Exchanger [Attachment, Shard] (Passive)
    Primary Exchange B: Amplification Self (Passive), Energy Reserve [Restricted] (Passive), Energy Conversion [Modified: Mana to Electrical, Restricted] (Active/Passive)
    Secondary 1: Varied Empowerment Self [Shard, Restricted, Permanence, Underpowered] (Active/Passive), Error: No Title Found [Restricted] (Passive)

    Fragment 1: Observe: Conduit Scan (Active)
    Fragment 2: Create Mana Golem: Regolith Infuser (Active/Passive)
    Click to shrink...

Huh? Huh, that’s a lot of… holy fuck. I’m the fucking Trump. Also, I have a variation of Jack’s main power? How in the… Why do I have two primaries? That’s more confirmation of what Bonesaw thought about my brain and what Chela said about frequency types.

What’s Exchange A and Exchange B? At least Primary 2 matches some of my perk names, and fragments 1 and 2 match skills I have. So many of these I have no idea what the fuck they mean. Parapedia, Observe, observe, observe…

Nothing, that revealed nothing. They’re just bullet points I have to make guesses about. I also have a Secondary power group, but only one? Chela has three. She has one for each person she pinged off of. Who in the fuck did I ping off of during my trigger? Julia? No she triggered at the same time. Sparky? Julia has, supposedly, electrical powers, but so does Sparky. Wait I remember a notification when I got the Observe skill, and that was definitely from Julia. Ah here it is.

Due to shard connection hack, you may gain the ‘Observe’ skill.

Timestamps on those that was when I was in the tents in Galveston, the first time I met Julia, this is so confusing. The other one is also for Create Mana golem, also with Julia at the time, that one makes even less sense. I’m not going to figure this out until I Observe Julia and see her power summary.

So Primary 1 and 2 are probably just straight up mine. Some of these are from trigger mates, Julia and… Fuck me. Sparky is a trigger mate also isn’t he? Who’s A and who’s B? It even fits in with that weird dream I had while unconscious when Chela triggered. To top it off, there is also someone I pinged off of.

Your Parahuman Lore skill has increased by 1

Damn it, I wasn’t paying attention to which thoughts were raising that and which ones weren’t either. So if it’s not Julia or Sparky, then who the fuck is the source of the Secondary? And why the fuck is there ‘Error: No Title Found’? Observe. Ouch, damn it, I’m getting such a headache.

I feel way too shitty to deal with this anymore right now, and the sun has gone down. I’m certainly not going to travel any further now that it’s dark and cold. I’ll just make two more dirt golems to guard me while sleeping and grind more Observe and meditate until my fatigue is zero then get a full five hours of sleep empowered regen. I should be back to max HP and MP when I wake up, maybe my headache will be gone by then.

* * * *

Saturday, February 27th, 2010

The status effect ‘Injured eyeball’ has been removed x2
The status effect ‘Partially Blinded’ has been removed
The status effect ‘Infected Wound’ has been upgraded to ‘Severely Infected Wound’
Your Disease Resistance skill has increased by 1

I wake up to being able to fully see again, but I feel like shit, feverish, and achy. My hand looks awful. I go through my notifications and the explanation is clear. I dispose of the disgusting shredded denim bandages. This is bad, very, very bad. Red, oozing puffy skin surrounds the wounds where I lost my fingers. Worse the timer to heal the infection has increased a lot. What will that mean? At least it has a timer, so it’s not permanent. Worst case scenario, I spend my perk point to get Skilled Up and pump Disease Resistance by five more levels.

I put more wood on the campfire, rip off more denim strips from my jeans, and wash and boil them in melted snow water before rewrapping my hand. I don’t think it’s going to do much good though. How does Avatar work in the face of this? Will I lose my hand if this gets worse, or will it prevent that? I have to find a hospital and not just to save Chela.

Is she savable? Is she in stasis? I double check my relationship ship sheet and my quest status. She’s still there, and the bonus condition of the quest is still pending. She will need a fully ready emergency trauma operating room immediately when I bring her out. Is there a time limit on how long I can keep her in there? This is way longer than I ever tested those bugs in jars weeks ago.

    You’re going to need a bigger needle
    Reach a Level II or better Trauma facility with Parahuman injury support.

    Time Limit: 48 Hours
    Success: +500 XP
    Failure: ???

Damn it, is that quest for my hand or Chela? Don’t tease me like that. Fuck, it’s hard to think straight right now. I need to keep moving. At least it’s not snowing anymore. Carry my fire, keep going northeast. Dirt Golem 1, 2, 3, 4 follow me.

* * * *

Observe, observe, observe… Edible, not edible… Mushrooms, nuts, moss, wild garlic, good, not good… rabbit?

Dirt Golem 1, 2, 3, 4 attack rabbit. Dirt Golem 1, fetch rabbit.

Need to rebuild a fire again. My disease resistance skill is still going up, but slower. Has it already been another day? Just walking, not in circles mini-map made sure of that, but fucking terrain. Fucking hills, fucking snow, already fallen several times, but survival skill going up.

I have a roaring fire again. Some of my golems have come back; number one is dragging the rabbit along making a mess. I take it and clean off all the dirt and twigs and crap. How did they kill it? Exhaust it to death? My golems are small and don’t have claws or sharp fangs. I didn’t get any XP for the kill either, I’ve been robbed.

Food though, it’s food. I mix it up with my meager herbs. The edible medical plants have only a slight positive impact on my healing timers, but not enough to be meaningful in anyway.

Wait, where’s golem number 2? Dirt Golem 2 follow me.

Target ‘Me’ is inaccessible

What? Damn, only time that happens is when they get stuck and can’t find a path. They were gone for hours who the fuck knows where it is. Hmm, switch to free camera. Dirt Golem 3, 4 guard me. Dirt Golem 1 follow Dirt Golem 2.

I follow golem 1 as it races off with my camera, make it stop and resume whenever I need to catch up. Fortunately, it is still visible when I hit my camera range and it disappears down a hole in the ground. Dirt Golem 1 stop, Dirt Golem 1 follow me. Yeah, it’s not worth it. Dirt Golem 2 attack self. Golem 1 races back to me and golem 2 has destroyed itself by the time golem one gets back to my campfire.

Now how the hell do I skin a rabbit? Furthermore what the hell am I going to skin it with? I still have those cans, and my eyes are healed now. I find a rock, open another can and beat the metal into an extremely crappy tin-can shiv.

For performing a repeated action you may gain the ‘Craft (Metalworking)’ skill.

Uh, when did I do that the first time? Using the prior can as a soup bowl yesterday? So at least I know it’s an option but not yet. If I can figure out how to get more fragments they’ll probably take up skill slots like the first two. I need something to hold the rabbit over the fire after I skin it.

And this thing completely sucks at carving a spit. It’s not complicated I just need a straight pointed stick without bark on it. I toss my failure aside. Actually I do know where some sharp blades are. I get a big rock ready to hold it down, and summon the spider bot.

Despite trying, the bot can’t do enough damage to get past my resistances. I soon have all its remaining legs pulled off. Some were already missing, but I have five small knives now. I put the neutered Spider bot back into my inventory.

+22 XP for defeating Bonesaw’s Mechanical Spider

I forgot I can do that multiple times. I pull it back out again, and put it back in again a few more times.

+11 XP for defeating Bonesaw’s Mechanical Spider
+0 XP for defeating Bonesaw’s Mechanical Spider
+0 XP for defeating Bonesaw’s Mechanical Spider

Damn so not a source of infinite XP. I could probably get a bit more by destroying rather than defeating it, but I can only do that once. On second thought, no. I can keep it, maybe sell it to the PRT or some other tinker, or find some way to make a defense against them.

    The Exterminator
    Make use of Bonesaw’s neutered Spider-bot by finding a way to counter them. She must control them somehow

    Time Limit: Until the tinker creation breaks down. (Which will be a long while, if you keep it in inventory stasis)
    Success: +2500 XP, Being ready for the next encounter.
    Failure: Not having a ready useful weapon against a notorious member of the nine.
    Click to shrink...

Yeah, okay that sounds like a good plan.

Right what was I doing? I’m trying to skin a rabbit because I am fucking hungry. I keep zoning out and losing focus. I think it’s the infection, making me feel sluggish. Okay, no wait. I was going to do something else first. What was it? Oh right, Observe the blades to make sure Bonesaw didn’t leave anything nasty behind on them.

Fortunately they’re all clean. I skin the rabbit, and shit, this is messy. I was supposed to make a spit to skewer it with first damn it. I finish carving one up; and my power decides to be helpful again.

For performing a repeated action you may gain the ‘Craft (Woodworking)’ skill.

No, again, not right now. I just want to eat, and try to get moving again.

You may obtain the ‘Forest’ specialty for Survival
You may obtain the ‘Spit Roasted Game’ specialty for Craft (Cooking & Brewing)

Sure… I get another +1 Plant Affinity for Forests? What other biomes could earn me more affinities? Nothing I am going to encounter here probably.

I finish my meal and inventory my meager possessions. This time I close some still burning chucks of wood up in the cracker tin and shove it my inventory. I should have fucking tried that previously. They still come out hot and glowing and giving it a bit of air starts the flames up again. I put them back into my inventory and head out while it’s still light. Same northeast direction, I should hit a road or something eventually. I set my Golems to follow and keep grinding Observe on the countryside until the sun gets close to setting.

* * * *

Golem 1 falls off a cliff, and shatters on the ground below. I won’t bother replacing it. I put the other two into my inventory. I don’t know why I kept keeping them out. Yes I do. It’s because I’m being paranoid and wanted something to protect me at all times after escaping the nine. That of course, is really dumb, because they’re small and made of dirt and wouldn’t have been able to do shit against a serious threat. Oh wait, that’s the other reason I kept them out. I’m over weighted with them in inventory because of the status effects, so I can’t sprint without dumping them first, because I have a 119 point something pound sleeping bag in there with a dying girl inside it. Even at max HP, my everything hurts, I can’t fucking think. I check Chela’s relationship sheet and the quest just to make sure they haven’t changed.

I’m at nearly 25 Observe. Don’t want to stop either. There are trees, so many damn trees everywhere. I’ve seen birds, and deer, all too fast or too large to even bother trying to tell my Golems to attack them. Tracks of other critters, but so far nothing has tried to eat me. I think I’m on a game trail now. It’s going northeast enough to follow it for now. At least it hasn’t snowed yet today.

Your Observe skill has increased by 1
You have unlocked the ‘View Skill & Perks Blocks’ feature.

Okay, I’m fucking done. I traveled farther than I planned. Sun is down now, make shelter, build a campfire, meditate and sleep. No food tonight, I don’t want any. I feel like I’m going to puke.

What a waste of MP; I’ll gain more from sleeping than I have max available. Should make more golems, but can’t concentrate enough. Fire is big enough now; it’s very dark, shivering bad, but not cold. I mean it’s cold, but not enough for cold damage. Just get my golems out, make them guard me, make it to morning.

Sunday, February 28th, 2010

Your Disease Resistance skill has increased by 1
You have unlocked the ‘It’s In Your Jeans’ feature.
You are suffering from the status effect ‘Sepsis’

I’m lying in snow, wet snow, melting snow, but so hot. Fire’s near dead. Get up, no fall, off balance. Crawl, crawl to tree; pull self up with tree. Where are my golems. There, follow me; inventory. Covered in mud, leaves, sleeping in dirt two days… Walk, sun is rising, just walk, go north through trail; watch mini-map.

Sun is up, lying on ground ago. Did I pass out? How long has it been? Climb up. Pull myself up. I’m so hot. I’ve thrown up. Covered in mud, leaves, vomit. Walk, just keep walking forward. Watch mini-map.

How long has it been now? Sun is high in the sky. No look at mini-map. There, straight lines to the east, right angles, that’s man made. Have to leave trail to get there, doesn’t matter. There are small shapes on the map, buildings, cars, and a road. Keep going.

Not in forest anymore, open field. No trees. I see it now, it’s a small building. Lots of cars on gravel driveway. Gravel road. I hear singing. Singing, why is there singing? It’s inside. It’s a church. What day is it? I open the door.

“Amazing Grace, how sweet the sound, that saved a wretch, like me!
I once was lost, but now am found
“Was blind, but now, I see”

“Through many dangers, toils, and snares
I have already come
'Tis grace that brought me safe thus far
And grace will lead me home”

They stop singing, and turn around to stare at the dirty wild man that opened the door.

“I need… ambulance” I manage to squeak out before I collapse to the floor.

Name: Simon Clarence Anderson
Gender: Male
Age: 15
Race: Human (Parahuman)
Class: Teenage Runaway / Rogue
Faction: None
Money: $0.00
Title: Gentleman Thief
Level: 25 (89.73%)
XP: 61997

Primary Attributes
STR: 17 (-5.50) 11.50 (0.00%)
AGI: 23 (-8.25) 14.75 (0.00%)
CON: 55 (-13.03) 41.97 (96.09%)
INT: 30 (-6.50) 23.50 (0.00%)
PER: 12 (-4.50) 7.50 (51.09%)
WIS: 22 (-6.50) 15.50 (35.42%)
CHA: 14 (-5.00) 9.00 (0.00%)
LUC: 15 (+0.00) 15.00 (78.72%)
Unspent Points: 5

Secondary Attributes
Health Pool: 2782/2782
Stamina Pool: 1755/1755
Mana Pool: 9375/9375
Stress Pool: 453/520

Attack: 15.63
Speed: 2.99
Dodge: 15.27
Armor: 0.40
Carry: 115.00
Allure: 3 (-1.75) 1.25

Status Effects
Teenage Acne: ALU -0.50
Alluring Charm*: ALU +1.00
Fractured Ribs: STR -1.00 AGI -1.50 CON -3.00
Bruised Organs x4: AGI -0.50 CON -1.00
Minor Concussion: INT -0.50 PER -0.50 WIS -0.50
Severed finger: STR -0.15 CON -0.02 ALU -0.13
Partially-severed finger: STR -0.10 CON -0.01 ALU -0.13
Broken Hand: STR -0.25 AGI -0.25
Severely Infected Wound: STR -2.00 AGI -2.00 CON -3.00 INT -3.00 PER -3.00 WIS -3.00 CHA -3.00 ALU -1.00
Sepsis: STR -2.00 AGI -4.00 CON -6.00 INT -3.00 PER -1.00 WIS -3.00 CHA -2.00
Visage of a Wuss: ALU -1.00

Skills
Max Slots: 65
Free Skill Slots: 19
Artistry: 10 (85.89%)
Athletics: 13 (8.30%)
Basic Academics: 9 (0.00%)
Computers: 10 (11.23%)
Crafting (Cooking & Brewing): 1 (0.00%)
Crafting (Stone & Pottery): 10 (5.67%)
Create Mana Golem: 12 (44.55%)
Damage Resistance (Corrosive): 2 (43.31%)
Damage Resistance (Electrical): 3 (24.35%)
Damage Resistance (Fire & Heat): 4 (0.75%)
Damage Resistance (Ice & Cold): 3 (0.00%)
Damage Resistance (Physical): 12 (35.72%)
Damage Resistance (Sonic & Concussive): 1 (0.00%)
Disable Device: 12 (7.45%)
Disease Resistance: 10 (24.54%)
Disguise: 4 (25.98%)
Drug & Poison Resistance: 20 (89.54%)
Empathy: 13 (8.15%)
Firearms: 1 (0.00%)
Gamer’s Body: MAX (0.00%)
Gamer’s Interface: MAX (0.00%)
Gamer’s Mind: MAX (0.00%)
Language-English: MAX (0.00%)
Language-Spanish: MAX (0.00%)
Mathematics: 4 (0.00%)
Medicine: 3 (25.67%)
Meditation: 12 (87.43%)
Melee Weapons: 4 (31.96%)
Null Resistance: 12 (29.76%)
Observe: 25 (0.00%)
Parahuman Lore: 12 (0.76%)
Power Dash: 2 (46.97%)
Power Strike: 10 (8.74%)
Programming: 10 (0.54%)
Psychology: 5 (12.61%)
Science (Biology): 1 (53.22%)
Science (Chemistry): 1 (0.00%)
Science (Earth): 1 (0.00%)
Speech: 11 (1.25%)
Stealth: 13 (5.14%)
Strategy: 6 (10.35%)
Survival: 2 (67.65%)
Thievery: 11 (19.80%)
Unarmed Combat: 5 (11.10%)
Vehicle Operations: 3 (0.00%)
Video Games: 26 (16.74%)
Unspent Skill Points: 0

Perks
Free Perk Slots: 1
Gaia's Blessing: Mana Pool and Mana Skill access
Gaia's Attunement: Elemental Affinity access
Light Sleeper: Need only 5 hours to get fully rested
Mana Reserve: Bonus MP per level increased by 25%
XP Whore: +10% Level XP
Fast Recovery: x4 HP and Stamina regeneration speed (Free at 50 CON)
Toughness: Bonus HP per level increased by 50%
Quick Items: Retrieve and place items in inventory instantly w/out using the window

Flaws
Selective Amnesia: We had to make room for stuff in your head
A Bit of a Troll: Sometimes you just can't help yourself
Unnatural Curiosity: Can't always resist the urge to find stuff out
You still look like a Wuss: Even with a few extra muscles, you still look like a wuss.
Wanted by the S9: You think they'd forget? Git gud, skrub

Affinities
Earth: 8
Water: 1
Plant: 2
Lightning: 3
Fire: 3
Air: 1
