Stage 4: Arrivals & Departures Arc 5.7

Wednesday, March 3rd, 2010

“So we’ve all read your report. It was extremely thorough, but obviously incomplete.” Empath began.

“I hope y’all are not expecting me to expand on it that much more, it was hard enough to write the first time. I certainly hope y’all don’t expect to get the rest during this interview, because it’s not going to happen. I said I’d write it in my own time, privately, without interruption, not speak it under cross-examination.”

“Well we can start at the beginning there anyway, just to have the opportunity to expound on a few things and ask for clarifications.” While he spoke I mentally pulled up my own journal copy of my report in my HUD and followed along as they asked their questions. Fucker is going to ignore everything I just said isn’t he?

* * * *

I glance at the clock, it was nearly an hour later and we’ve only gotten two-thirds of the way through, not once have I deviated from what I physically wrote in the report. The whole time that covered from the Bus having its windows blown out by Shatterbird to getting surrounded by the Nine after escaping the house wasn’t going to get more detailed than what I gave. I feel like they are testing me for other things and it’s pissing me off. Not that I want to let myself show that at all to the cape that literally calls himself ‘Empath’, but I’ve got shit to do. I hope Gamer’s Mind, Empathy, and that Roleplayer feature are doing their job here, but enough is enough.

“Do you want to keep asking me things about my report, and have me repeatedly recite what I already wrote, or do you want to get to some important questions about Jack, the Siberian, and the rest of the Nine?” I ask them continuing to enforce my calm.

“Alright” the woman Spectra says, “we’ll take a ten minute break.”

“Good, I need to pee.” I really did too. I’ve been careful to make certain everything I’ve said is technically truthful, just in case any of them have a weird lie-detector ability. The deputy-director turns the laptop back around, the camera count goes back down to zero and the people count goes down to four. Which isn’t the correct number, as there are only three people in here not including me and I don’t count.

What the fuck? Don’t react to it. “Can I get some water?” I ask Sara as I stand up. “I hope this won’t take much longer.”

“Sure” she says as we both head out the door.

After we part in the hallway, the eyes watching me still says one. Even after I go into an empty bathroom, it still says one. So they have a remote viewer. Fucking perv. A voice in the back of my head calls me a hypocrite, but I ignore it. I go into the stall, this time the counter goes to zero, so they have some bit of courtesy. Well two can play at this game. I activate free camera and go back to the conference room and look over the deputy director’s shoulder as he chats with the thinker panel. Agent Piper is still there, but Sara still hasn’t returned.

“…he’s damn hard to read. The most prevalent emotion the entire time is ‘annoyed’ Empath says, “and a bit of surprise when he saw Trivia for the first time but it was fleeting. There’s other emotional undercurrents, but it’s all very muted.”

“He has stated that there is some aspect of his power that lets him control his emotions or push them aside in some manner, I think we can take this as independent confirmation of that.” Agent Piper remarks.

“I got nothing, I don’t think he ever physically touched the report. I feel useless right now, I can’t do much of anything over video anyway.” Trivia says.

“That’s alright, your main purpose here is to display a friendly face of someone his own suspected age; as an example that demonstrates he can work with us.”

“Still, I don’t really know what to say to him. I’m not real good with talking.”

“That’s alright Trivia, your presence alone is enough to at least put the idea in his head.” The deputy director responds back.

So that’s your game. Manipulative bastards.

“He’s got perfect recall or something analogous to it, but we suspected that. He wasn’t kidding about re-reciting what was in his report, almost verbatim. Definitely a lot of secrets still, loads of them.” Nutcracker says “But who doesn’t? Deceptive and truthful at the same time, well-rehearsed or well composed, probably both. I’d advise amending his rating upwards.”

“Any change in Palette’s reading?”

“No, in fact Palette just said he’s gotten even more red.” Spectra interjects, but her camera isn’t on.

“Any idea on what the cause is yet? Have we spooked him despite giving him what he asked for?” Agent Piper asks.

“I’ve not gotten a fearful or panic sense from him so far, unless it’s muted beyond my ability to detect. He’s been stubborn and annoyed but ultimately agreeable, and willing to cooperate.” Empath says.

Cooperate?! You’re spying on me! Hypocrite. Shut up you!

“Palette’s prior read and that it hasn’t changed is still worrying, maintain an eye on him, we don’t want him to disappear. I’m worried for what that might mean.” The director says.

Enough of this, I flush and blindly flail until I find the railing and pull myself up.

“Farsight says he’s coming out. It’s been ten minutes anyway. Let’s re-gather.”

Screw them. I go back to normal view and exit the stall. I almost skip washing my hands in my rush to leave, but Farsight is still watching me. What did I learn? Trivia, reads things people touch? Empath reads emotions. Spectra, I have no idea. Farsight is a remote viewer, range unknown. Nutcracker, knows stuff, but I don’t know how. Palette sees colors, which mean... something? ‘A prior read’, does that mean he or she is a pre-cog? Did something happen as a direct result of me shifting my opinion based on my own spying? Well what if I shift it again? and then again? Hmm, recursive thinker battles, I wonder how I can fuck with thinkers on purpose in the future? A should make a list of contingency plans.

I touched that registration form, and the pen, the vouchers, the chair. I put my hands in my pockets and push the door to the conference room open with my foot. Meh, stop being paranoid. Let them think everything is cool. I still push my chair out with my feet and sit down. Just be cool, like Chili Palmer. Oh Sara is back, and has my water. She must have come in while I was walking back from the bathroom. I slouch in my chair, relaxing awkwardly. The count jumps to 18 again as the laptop gets turned around but my head is leaning back far enough for me to stare at the ceiling and not the screen.

“Stasis? Are you alright?” Sara asks me.

“Yepppp!” you know, aside from the spying and emotion reading.

“Well, whenever you’re ready” The director prods, but I keep staring at the ceiling. Does he need to see my face to read emotions or is it an aura thing? I wish observe would work through video.

“I’m ready, shoot… let’s get to the real point already.”

“How did you come to the conclusion that Jack is a Social Thinker and a Trump” Empath asks me.

“He’s theatrical, likes to talk and toy with his victims. I already mentioned how he goaded everyone into trying to kill each other in the house, but only one person fell for it. He also does it to the rest of the nine, yet, somehow leads them and manipulates them into staying together. Hell he even calls them by their names in casual conversation right in front of me. Of course I don’t expect the pack of murder-hobos need to care about secret identities.” I calm my features and bring my head back down to stare at the camera. “Want to know them?” Ultimately, Chela is right. Give them what they need to end these fuckers.

“Um, yes---“

“Crawler, Ned Parker. Mannequin, Alan Gramme. Burnscar, Mimi Willow. Shatterbird Balluri Ababil. Bonesaw, Riley Gray. Hatchetface, Jason. No one said his last name in my presence. The Siberian, Sibby, but that’s certainly a nickname since she’s not really a person. Jack Slash, short for Jacob.” Kellerman. I thought but didn’t say. That’s already too much, they’ll want to know how I know the names and might not fully believe they were all from being overheard. Close associates don’t mention each other’s last names in casual conversations.

“Why... why… would he have casual conversations in front of you?” Spectra asks, surprised.

Interesting choice of words Spectra. “Not always in front of me, but I have above average hearing. Like I said, he likes to talk. Don’t let him talk. Also maybe he never read the evil overlord list? He broke Rule Number 6, ‘Do not gloat over your enemies predicament before killing them’. I don’t think he actually expected anyone to get away.”

“Then—“ Empath started, but I cut him off.

“Also, like I told Ms. Clark earlier. I had a plan to put Mannequin in Stasis, it’s not in the report you have. That comes in the other half. Jack somehow knew, told him not to get close so as to not get ‘disappeared’. That was way too specific. Either he knew my plan, knew what was possible, or knew exactly what to say, to throw me for a loop and make me second guess myself. Possibly all three.”

“That’s still quite a leap, to go to assuming that you ‘think he communicates with other peoples powers’.”

Fuck being cool, embrace being angry. “Jack almost never acted surprised, except when Jordan shot him in the arm. He dodged Crawler hawking up an acid loogie before anyone else reacted, and that wasn’t even an intentional attack! He was just upchucking a metal bat and a belt buckle from one of the passengers he ate earlier. That happened right before Jack got shot. The loogie hit Jordan, who Jack probably just raped moments earlier, acid melting her clothes, skin and face, so a drunk Shatterbird flew down and laughed at her, made a glass mirror for her to look at herself in, and chided Jack saying she ‘wasn’t so pretty anymore’, because apparently that psychopath actually lusted after the other psychopath, and was jealous, which Jack did on purpose expecting that reaction cause he’s a manipulative bastard. So in the middle of the drama, Jordan, somehow, despite actively being burned by acid, grabs a gun off a distracted, drunk Shatterbird, fires off several rounds, and hits Jack and Shatterbird once each. It does nothing because of Bonesaw’s augments. However it actually surprises Jack enough to make him swear in front of Bonesaw, which he apparently once upon a time swore he would never do, given the way she complained immediately afterwards. Then Jordan sticks the gun in her mouth and blows her own brains out, so Shatterbird eviscerates her corpse with glass and Bonesaw gets pissed because now she can’t recycle her into a meat-puppet anymore, and… Fuuuuckkkk!” Somehow I was standing up now and yelling. Guess it’s time to be cool again.

I sit back down in my chair and take a calming breath “And despite Shatterbird being ragingly pissed, Jack just causally dismisses her and tells her to fly up and make sure no one has spotted the recent house fire, and she complies. They all do, Jack asks them or tells them to do something, they might complain or snark, but in the end, those wholly dysfunctional psychopaths, still do what he asks. Tell me that’s not some kind of power over other parahumans, when he couldn’t even predict what the normals were going to do in the trap house very well. Then ask yourself why all the Protectorate’s thinkers haven’t been able to find these fuckers yet?”

“Well, Hatchet-face has…”

“It’s not just Hatchet-face!”

“…I think I’m going to hurl…” Trivia says suddenly, looking green in the face before leaving the conference.

“You know I shouldn’t yell in a hospital, there is a reason why I said I want to write this down in private. Now you have a slight idea about just a portion of the horror that happened in the other half, and I’m done on that subject.” I rest my head in my hands, turn subtitles on and turn all my sound inputs off.

The words “Do you still want to continue?” float above the directors head.

I emit a voiceless ‘yes’ and grab my water slurp it down, nosily probably, but I can’t hear it. Nutcracker is saying something on the screen, but no subtitles appear. Damn, guess I have to turn sounds back on.

“I didn’t hear your question. Can you repeat it?” truthful too.

Nutcracker looks confused, but asks again. “Can you restate what you told Agent’s Piper and Clark about the Siberian, and anything else you desire to add?”

I wave my stumpy fingers at the camera. “She, no it, bit my fingers off, despite my power normally preventing stuff like that. When it grabbed me, my power registered it as an object not a person. But I couldn’t place it in stasis. It identified it as a controlled dimensional matter projection produced by negative energy. And before you ask, I don’t know what any of that shit means. I got away because I dumped everything I was holding in stasis at the time, into its mouth, and ripped my hand away despite its grip breaking my bones when I did so. There was a weird power interaction that made it warped and blinded from all the stuff that got merged with its head. It’s a twisted replica of someone close to the master. So maybe run some facial recognition scans on it? Member number eight is whatever master controls that thing. There was no member number nine. Bonesaw did mention someone named Prophet, but also said they were dead. I don’t know if that was a former member or a victim.”

Empath spoke next, “Well, that was very enlightening. Though---“

“Good, because I’m done for today.” I inventoried my water, and stood up.

“Can we reconvene tomorrow?” The deputy-director asks me

“Give me time to write stuff up and you’ll get it tomorrow”

* * * *

Sara walks me back to Chela’s room, and as much as I want to spy on a post interview conversation, the deputy-director had been packing up instead. I think I’ve decided to be done with them. I’ll still get them their report, but I need to focus on saying my goodbyes. I knock on her door and Chela tells me to come inside.

<”You’re all done?”> She asks me as I glance around. A stack of hospital bill receipts are on her table. They also say paid in full.

I glance at my watch counter, it’s still one too many. Fuck you Farsight. <”Yes, for now.”>

<”There’s someone---“>

I bring my finger to my lips and she quiets. <”I see you found a cartoon channel”> Can Farsight understand Spanish?

<”It’s all subtitled in English”> she leans over to whispers to me quietly. <”Someone is in my range that hasn’t moved for over two hours.”>

<“Is this Aleph imported anime?”> I ask, while pulling a pen out of my inventory and writing on my obscured hand. Direction and Range? In Spanish. I then inventory the ink off, and hand the pen to her.

<”I don’t know, what’s anime? This is the first time I have seen it.”> 15.7 degrees west of north, 398.75 meters. She writes back on my hand. I put my hand in my pocket and inventory the ink off again.

<”Japanese cartoons. We can watch for a bit.”> I say as I switch to free camera and orient my mini-map to try heading in that direction. <”Squeeze my hand if someone knocks or enters”> I whisper and she takes my hand.

It is getting dark and hasn’t been easy to find. I can only take best guesses as to my heading and how far I have gone. I should move up for an overhead view. With a birds-eye view and nearly half-an hour of grinding Observe, I finally spot a black van with two occupants. I move my camera in for a closer look.

My counter still shows 1-2 people watching me, Chela and most likely Farsight as the camera count still says zero and no one else is in the room. Chela must be glancing back and forth between me and the TV.

<Chris Mowry/Farsight, Hero, lvl 6>

<Gerald Renner, PRT Officer, lvl 18>

A Protectorate cape and his escort. I’m going to watch you watch me, dickhead. Observe, Observe.

    Name: Chris Mowry
    Level: 6
    Alias: Farsight
    Gender: Male
    Age: 24
    Ethnicity: Caucasian
    Race: Human (Parahuman)
    Class: Hero
    Faction: Protectorate

    STR: 13 (-5.00) 8.0
    AGI: 12 (-6.00) 6.00
    CON: 13 (+0.00) 13.00
    INT: 20 (+0.00) 20.00
    PER: 15 (+5.00) 20.00
    WIS: 20 (-3.00) 17.00
    CHA: 13 (+0.00) 13.0
    LUC: 10 (??) ??

    ...

    Status Effects:
    Mental: ..., Conflict Seeking...
    Physical: ..., Paralysis, ...

    Power Summary:
    Primary 1: Spatial Viewport (Active), Enhanced Awareness [Visual] (Passive)

    Skills:
    ...
    Lip-Reading (Competent)+
    ...
    Spanish-Language (Dabbling)
    ...

Inside the van, Farsight is sitting in a wheelchair with his eyes closed in a meditative like trance.

Well now I almost feel bad, almost. Dude is paralyzed, and it’s not even power-related. It came before he triggered. Subsequent feelings of isolation and missing out led to triggering his thinker power to watch everything he was missing out on I guess? It still doesn’t excuse him from spying on me. Yeah, yeah I don’t have excuses either, but whatever.

He’s another conflict seeking cape, but it has the least impacting effect I’ve seen so far. Why is conflict seeking status effect de-buff been so variable so far?

His power also seems to only be visual based. Dude can lip-read though, and his skill in Spanish is only dabbling. So whispering with my mouth obscured is the best counter. There is nothing else noteworthy in his observe snapshot.

Farsight’s watch beeps and he speaks. “No significant changes, minor conversation in Spanish, currently watching cartoons in the hospital room, currently holding hands.”

“Huh didn’t someone say they were cousins? That’s kinda freaky.” Gerald asks, looking up from a book he is reading.

“Acknowledged. Maintain vigil.” An unknown voice over a radio in the van states.

Gerald is in plain clothes. His Observe record indicates he’s well trained, armed, and wearing a protective vest under his clothes, which I suppose all contribute to his high-level.

How long will they keep this up? I might as well wait. How does his power actually work? The descriptions I get from observe are too vague. Can he control it in a fine tuned placement manner like my own? Is he restricted in his angle of viewing and position? Is there a range limit? There must be some range limit. Why else would he be driven to an obscure parking lot in a handicap capable unmarked van and not do this from wherever the Protectorate headquarters are located in DC? I guess he can move it faster than I can move mine, he kept up with my fast walk between the bathroom and the conference room, and from there to Chela’s room as well. Will he be able to keep up with the car when I get dropped off?

Sometime later his watch beeps again. I zoom in on it. It’s 8:45pm.

“No changes. No additional conversation.” Farsight says aloud again. He’s not moved from his seated position. His eyes are still closed. Maybe he needs them closed? I don’t have to close mine when I’m in free camera mode, but I bet the glassy-eyed stare looks pretty weird. My face should still be pointed at the TV, and I can still feel myself blink. I should record myself to know what I look like when I do this.

It’s getting way too late. I still need time to write the report I promised, but I feel too uncomfortable being watched like this. I swap back to my normal view, and squeeze Chela’s hand.

<”I have to go.”> I tell her quietly. I’m less concerned about what Farsight can see.

<”Will I see you tomorrow?”> Chela asks me. I shake my head no. <”So that’s it then?”> She frowns.

<”I’ll call to check-in every so often.”> She nods and wipes her eye. I lean forward to give her a partial hug, careful not to put any pressure on her wound. She responds by squeezing my arm and shoulder.

I give her one final Observe while we embrace. Hugs really do give back stress points, but she has a long way to go. <”Get better, in body and mind.”> I say as I slip out of her arms.

<”Don’t forget about me.”>

<”I won’t.”> She watched me as I open the door and enter the hall. I wave one last time before I close it, then make my way to the waiting area.

Sara is there waiting for me, and Farsight is still watching. ”Let’s pick up another notebook and go back to the hotel.”

* * * *

Sara drops me off. I wave to the three stooges who are once again sitting in their car. I go into my hotel room with a new notebook in a small shopping bag in my inventory. During the drive Farsight’s watch counter went to zero. He kept up with me into the car and as we drove out of the parking lot, but he probably can’t move his viewport faster than a car. I don’t trust it will stay that way, so I keep glancing at my watch counter.

I need to make sure Farsight nor anyone else hasn’t watched me previously while I’ve been in DC. I pull some food out of my inventory to eat, turn on the TV and stare at it. It’ll serve as a plausible diversion in case Farsight looks in on me again. I put my real attention on reviewing my FRAPS footage over the last few days, to see if there are any obvious unexplained number changes in my watch counter.

There’s two unaccounted for from this morning. I don’t think they’re Farsight though. Occlusions kept breaking line of sight on these two, but until we were driving away at high speed, Farsight’s counter never faltered.

And what do you know? He’s back. My watch counter just went to 1, but I’m in here alone, with all my curtains closed. A look at the clock says it’s almost 10pm. Can Farsight still see in the dark? Time to experiment a little.

I get up and open the closet door. It’s between me and the window, and the curtains are shut. No change in the counter. I forgot I left the OR robe in here. I inventory it and leave the door open. One good thing about the cheap hotel is that it has black out curtains. I turn all the lights off. The Watch counter is still 1, but the TV is still on. It’s dark enough to reveal all the annoying LEDs on the hotel phone, TV, clock-radio, and some bathroom night light. I go into the bathroom and Farsight follows, but is courteous enough to not watch me when I actually move to pull my pants down because the watch counter goes back to zero. That has to be a conscious choice because clearly he can if he wants to. I can’t hide on the toilet the whole night. I reach over and unplug the night light from the wall and inventory it while I’m not being watched. I inventory the extra toilet paper, soap, mini shampoo bottles and spare towels too. This will be my last night in here, but how do I get out without being seen? Between Farsight and the three stooges outside that’s going to be difficult.

    Vanish like a fart in the wind.
    Get out of the city without being noticed by agents of the Protectorate or the PRT.

    Success: +500 XP. Skill up.
    Failure: They still know where you are and where you went.

    Do you wish to accept? [Y/N]

You damn troll, is this a self-actualizing quest or are you trying to not so subtly influence me again?

The reward isn’t super high, is that an indicator of difficulty? No real failure drawbacks. The accept condition is back. Do you only provide that option when it’s obvious you already know what I am going to select? I mentally select Yes.

Right, time to get on with it. I rise, wash up, open the door and dry my face with the last towel I haven’t inventoried. Farsight is watching again. I move to my bed, and toss the towel on the night stand so it covers up the all the lights coming from the phone and the clock radio. I hold the remote and stare at the TV while swapping to free camera.

The three stooges are watching the door from their stake out car. I can’t go out the front, and they’ll be more vigilant since I put one over on them last time. Someone is renting the rooms to the left and the right and behind mine. I’m on the upper floor, but no one is renting the room below mine. Hopefully it stays that way. It was after 10 already when I looked at the clocked. Time to find Farsight.

I grind observe again as I scout around looking for the van he was in. I think a half-hour has gone by when I find it. They’ve moved to a new parking lot about four or five blocks away. Observe, observe. Nothing has really changed, doesn’t say he’s feeling tired though. It didn’t before either. I wait until his watch beeps, it says its 10:45pm.

“No change, alone watching TV.”

“Understood.” The radio crackles with a different voice than last time.

Why is the PRT or Protectorate so interested in spying on me now? If they had not done I may have been willing to meet with them tomorrow again. But now, it’s not going to happen. Even with Alexandria violating their own policies by also being the Chief Director, I cold acknowledge the lower ranks may not be in on it. At least everyone else I’ve observed haven’t flagged as Cauldron. But they’re going to spy on me too because they don’t want me to leave? How much of ‘trying to protect me from the Nine or the media’ they told me earlier was bullshit? Even if the ones saying it might have believed it? I wait some more, until Farsight’s watch beeps again. 11:00pm.

“No change, alone watching TV.”

Is he really going to do this every fifteen minutes? Don’t you have to sleep at all? How long can you keep this up? I switch back to normal view. Farsight can afford to wait, I can’t. I get under the covers, pulling them free so they aren’t tucked in anywhere. I turn the TV off and put the remote on the night stand. The room is very dark, but not 100% pitch black.

The watch counter ticks to zero. I move about and it flicks to one again for a bit, then zero again. So he’s not entirely blind. Several more tosses and turns generating flicking counts confirms my theory. I pull the pillows and myself completely under the covers and lay barely on the edge of the bed. At least it stays fully zero now, even while I am moving. I switch back to free camera and send it back to Farsight’s van. At 11:15 his watch beeps again.

“Subject has gone to bed, lights are out, very low visibility.”

“Understood. Maintain vigil” goes the voice on the radio.

Well damn. Even though I can’t see in my room where my body is at, I can feel. After another two fifteen minute periods go by and he has not noticed that I’ve managed to get one leg and arm on the floor. My watch counter has stayed at zero. I’ll wait till midnight just for safety’s sake staying perfectly still, but I can’t wait forever.

Thursday, March 4th, 2010

“No change. Subject is asleep”

Well that’s my cue. He’s either going to notice or he won’t. I activate stealth and slowly lower myself off the bed with the covers still draped over me and the edge., I leave my line of pillows behind underneath them in the vague shape of a body.

“No change. Subject remains asleep.”

So far so good, but now I need to see myself, which means abandoning free camera. I switch to normal views and bring up flashlight mode, slowing crawling further away from the bed. I really need to set up a clock in my HUD. After about what I think is ten minutes, I go to free camera and visit Farsight again.

“…remains asleep” I barely catch his spoken words as I reach the van then jump back to normal mode again and slowly crawl further toward the closet. By the time another hour has gone by, I quietly close the closest door behind me. I verify that Farsight still thinks I’m asleep in the bed before returning my view to me sitting in the closet with my invisible flashlight mode turned on. Phase I completed.

Damn, I forgot to keep an extra towel out of my inventory to use to block my inventory flash from appearing under the closet door. I pull off my shirt and socks and use them instead, while positioning my body to block as much of the flash as possible then pull out everything I need in one go.

Hand-axe, multi-tool, with a small but needed retractable saw blade, other assorted tools and shit I stole from the camping store and the towels to cover up the gap in the door. Will this even work? If it doesn’t then I’ll have damaged the room for nothing, and I’ll have to do something else. It’s going to be hard to make it quiet too.

In free camera mode again, I make sure my room neighbors are fast asleep with Observe. I put my free camera in the floor between the joists and the lower ceiling’s drywall and illuminate the space with my flashlight mode. It seems to be wide enough. There’s no electrical, other cables or piping in the way. I raise the camera up at the joist edge and watch myself move my own hand to use a pen to mark the spot. I repeat the same thing on the other side.

Back to normal mode, a measuring guide on my multi-tool determines the distance between the center to center floor joists is about 24 inches. It’s enough for me to fit through. I try to quietly pry up the baseboards to expose the carpet staples and pry them up.

This isn’t working fast enough. I have to just cut through the rest with the knife. Finally I manage to peel back the carpet and the carpet padding. My own watch, not in inventory anymore says it’s after 1am. I check on Farsight and my neighbors to make sure everything is still good. Farsight hasn’t discovered anything. The room neighbor opposite the closet wall is still in bed but annoyed and not asleep. I’ve probably woke him up. I wait until he is asleep again according to Observe.

It’s 2am when my neighbor falls asleep again. I start gouging a hole in the plywood floor large enough to slip my saw blade though and start cutting. Two careful hours later, I remove a section large enough for me to fit though. The dry wall on the other side is easy in comparison and I cut through it in less than 15 minutes. I knock loose the lower floor’s closet rod and inventory it so it doesn’t fall, then clean everything up as best I can. I wriggle through the hole into the lower room’s closet.

I grab a chair from the lower room to stand on. The notches I left on the plywood lets it still somewhat sit on the joists without falling through. I straighten up the carpet and tape it to the cut piece of plywood to cover it up and drop it into place. I check it with free camera and readjust as needed. The square of ceiling drywall is harder to keep up, but I pin it in place with the straightened out carpet staples. That will have to be good enough. Most people probably won’t notice the closet anyway. I put the closet rod back in place, and close the lower room’s closet door. Phase II completed.

I check my watch, it’s nearly 5:30am. That took almost five hours, and I haven’t slept. My fatigue is at 0 and I’m suffering for it. I do one more check on Farsight. He’s still there, still saying ‘subject is asleep’, and the stooges are still in their car in the parking lot. Unfortunately, this room’s door is on the same side as mine upstairs, but the stooges won’t be watching this one.

I inventory sawdust out of my hair and quick change into a different set of stylish clothes, sunglasses and a hat. Stealth is still on, I pull out my phone to obscure my face from the side they might see me from, and casually step out the door, close it and walk around the corner of the hotel building. I get out of sight, and make a final check on the stooges. They are still watching my room’s door. I guess they didn’t pay any heed to the man that walked out of the room they were not assigned to watch. It’s a hotel after all, probably happens all the time. I stroll to a bus stop and hop on the next bus. I have maybe until 8 or 9 am until Sara might call me on the hotel phone, but I promised to give that report and still aim to do so, somehow.

Your Stealth skill has increased by 1

Name: Simon Clarence Anderson
Alias: Potter, Stasis
Gender: Male
Age: 15
Ethnicity: Hispanic, Native American, German, Scandinavian
Race: Human (Parahuman)
Class: Teenage Runaway / Rogue
Faction: None
Money: $210.57
Title: Gentleman Thief
Level: 28 (0.76%)
XP: 72942

Primary Attributes
STR: 17 (-0.95) 16.05 (0.00%)
AGI: 23 (-1.25) 21.75 (0.00%)
CON: 58 (-2.28) 55.72 (73.30%)
INT: 30 (+0.00) 30.00 (0.00%)
PER: 12 (+0.00) 12.00 (61.90%)
WIS: 22 (+0.00) 22.00 (42.43%)
CHA: 14 (+0.00) 14.00 (22.88%)
LUC: 15 (+0.00) 15.00 (78.75%)
Unspent Points: 17

Secondary Attributes
Health Pool: 3186/3186
Stamina Pool: 1944/1944
Mana Pool: 4813/10500
Stress Pool: 486/520

Attack: 20.4 (+1.00) 21.4
Speed: 3.225 (+0.00) 3.225
Dodge: 20.76375 (+1.00) 21.76375
Armor: 0.4 (+0.00) 0.4
Carry: 160.5 (+0.00) 160.5
Allure: 4 (-0.25) 3.75

Status Effects
Teenage Acne: ALU -0.50
Alluring Charm*: ALU +1.00
Stylish Outfit*: ALU +0.50
Fractured Ribs: STR -0.50 AGI -0.75 CON -1.50
Bruised Organs x4: AGI -0.30 CON -0.75
Severed finger: STR -0.15 CON -0.02 ALU -0.13
Partially-severed finger: STR -0.10 CON -0.01 ALU -0.13
Broken Hand: STR -0.20 AGI -0.20
Butterfly & The Bee: DOD +1.00 ATK +1.00
Visage of a Wuss: ALU -1.00

Skills
Max Slots: 68
Free Skill Slots: 22
Artistry: 10 (85.89%)
Athletics: 13 (8.30%)
Basic Academics: 9 (0.00%)
Computers: 10 (11.23%)
Crafting (Cooking & Brewing): 1 (0.00%)
Crafting (Stone & Pottery): 10 (5.67%)
Create Mana Golem: 12 (45.64%)
Damage Resistance (Corrosive): 2 (43.31%)
Damage Resistance (Electrical): 3 (24.35%)
Damage Resistance (Fire & Heat): 5 (0.00%)
Damage Resistance (Ice & Cold): 8 (0.00%)
Damage Resistance (Physical): 12 (37.90%)
Damage Resistance (Sonic & Concussive): 1 (0.00%)
Disable Device: 12 (21.14%)
Disease Resistance: 14 (25.45%)
Disguise: 4 (31.24%)
Drug & Poison Resistance: 25 (2.76%)
Empathy: 15 (89.34%)
Firearms: 1 (0.00%)
Gamer’s Body: MAX (0.00%)
Gamer’s Interface: MAX (0.00%)
Gamer’s Mind: MAX (0.00%)
Language-English: MAX (0.00%)
Language-Spanish: MAX (0.00%)
Mathematics: 4 (0.00%)
Medicine: 3 (25.67%)
Meditation: 13 (56.98%)
Melee Weapons: 4 (31.96%)
Null Resistance: 16 (10.56%)
Observe: 30 (99.97%)
Parahuman Lore: 13 (26.55%)
Power Dash: 5 (0.00%)
Power Strike: 10 (8.74%)
Programming: 10 (0.54%)
Psychology: 5 (12.61%)
Science (Biology): 1 (53.22%)
Science (Chemistry): 1 (0.00%)
Science (Earth): 1 (0.00%)
Speech: 11 (19.80%)
Stealth: 14 (0.01%)
Strategy: 6 (15.88%)
Survival: 2 (67.65%)
Thievery: 11 (31.99%)
Unarmed Combat: 5 (11.10%)
Vehicle Operations: 3 (0.00%)
Video Games: 26 (16.74%)
Unspent Skill Points: 0

Perks
Free Perk Slots: 1
Gaia's Blessing: Mana Pool and Mana Skill access
Gaia's Attunement: Elemental Affinity access
Light Sleeper: Need only 5 hours to get fully rested
Mana Reserve: Bonus MP per level increased by 25%
XP Whore: +10% Level XP
Fast Recovery: x4 HP, Stamina and healing regeneration speed (Free at 50 CON)
Toughness: Bonus HP per level increased by 50%
Quick Items: Retrieve and place items in inventory instantly w/out using the window

Flaws
Selective Amnesia: We had to make room for stuff in your head
A Bit of a Troll: Sometimes you just can't help yourself
Unnatural Curiosity: Can't always resist the urge to find stuff out
You still look like a Wuss: Even with a few extra muscles, you still look like a wuss.
Wanted by the S9: You think they'd forget? Git gud, skrub

Affinities
Earth: 8
Water: 2
Plant: 2
Lightning: 3
Fire: 4
Air: 1